There is manuscript evidence that Austen continued to work on these pieces as late as the period 1809 â '' 11 , and that her niece and nephew , Anna and James Edward Austen , made further additions as late as 1814 .
In a remarkable comparative analysis , Mandaean scholar Säve-Söderberg demonstrated that Mani 's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts .
Before Persephone was released to Hermes , who had been sent to retrieve her , Hades tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds , ( six or three according to the telling ) which forced her to return to the underworld for a period each year .
Cogeneration plants are commonly found in district heating systems of cities , hospitals , prisons , oil refineries , paper mills , wastewater treatment plants , thermal enhanced oil recovery wells and industrial plants with large heating needs .
Geneva ( , ; , ; , ; ; ) is the second-most-populous city in Switzerland ( after Zürich ) and is the most populous city of Romandie ( the French-speaking part of Switzerland ) .
When Japan earned another race on the F1 schedule ten years later , it went to Suzuka instead .
This marked the first motorcycle racing event at the facility since its first month of operation , in August 1909 .
Ka La Ku'oko ' a ( Hawaiian Independence Day ) : The Kingdom of Hawai`i is officially recognized by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and July Monarchy France as an independent nation .
A scythe ( Oxford English Dictionary , Oxford University Press , 1933 : Scythe ) is an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass , reaping crops , or reaping people ( i.e. the Grim Reaper ) .
Toshihide Saito is a Japanese football ( soccer ) defender .
Many still refer to 25 , 50 and 75 paise as 4 , 8 and 12 annas respectively , not unlike the usage of '' bit '' in American English for â
In Holland they were called Stadspijpers , in Germany Stadtpfeifer and in Italy Pifferi .
Plays and comic puppet theater loosely based on this legend were popular throughout Germany in the 16th century , often reducing Faust and Mephistopheles to figures of vulgar fun .
Directed by Jon Avnet and written by Fannie Flagg and Carol Sobieski , it stars Kathy Bates , Jessica Tandy , Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson .
Beaumont-Pied-de-B Å '' uf is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In September 1869 , O'Reilly escaped and was rescued by an American ship .
The Algerian government cut the electricity supply to at least large parts of the capital Algiers ( and allegedly to large parts of the country ) , to prevent the program from being seen .
Castleton is a honeypot village in the Derbyshire Peak District , in England .
Sensing of both the external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction . Many disease processes , such as diabetes , heart disease , autoimmunity , and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways , further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology , as well as medicine .
The width of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal width of the scales .
May 27 , 1199 Friday -- John Lackland ( 1167 -- 1216 ) became King of England upon the death of his older brother Richard the Lion Hearted .
A very wide covered footbridge joins all platforms at their western ends but does not provide entry to or egress from the station .
Its widespread presence in many seeds and fruits may serve to stimulate the digestive tract into expelling the seeds .
Country Music Television , or CMT , is an American country music-oriented cable television network .
Free content , or free information , is any kind of functional work , artwork , or other creative content , which meets the free content definition , having no significant legal restriction relative to people 's freedom to use , distribute copies , modify , and to distribute derived works of the content .
Sea surface temperature ( SST ) is the water temperature close to the surface .
They take up oxygen in the lungs or gills and release it while squeezing through the body 's capillaries .
He has subsequently written a further nine plays .
Lemon meringue pie is a type of baked pie , usually served for dessert , typically prepared with a bottom pie crust , but with no upper crust .
A veritable reference book to Thunderbolt 's many adventures , Patch provides the perfect guide for the TV star in his attempts at real-life heroics .
On July 29 , 2008 the Palace announced that King George Tupou V would relinquish much of his power and would surrender his role in day-to-day governmental affairs to the Prime Minister .
F. W. D. Brie , 1906 .
Simon Boccanegra is an opera with a prologue and three acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave , based on the play SimÃ n Bocanegra ( 1843 ) by Antonio GarcÃ a GutiÃ rrez .
On June 6 , 2000 , ten days before the movie was released , at the SuperComm 2000 tradeshow , the movie was projected simultaneously at the trade show in Atlanta , Georgia as well as a screen in Los Angeles , California .
The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant ( ) is a nuclear power plant in Iran south-east of the city of Bushehr , between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf .
In 2002 , Ortiz hit .272 for Minnesota , with 20 home runs and 75 RBIs . The Twins advanced to the American League Championship Series that year , where they lost to the Anaheim Angels .
As a result the paper 's coverage changed radically from an uncritical and rather reverential showbiz-oriented paper to something intended to be smarter , hipper , more cynical and funnier than any mainstream British music paper had previously been ( an approach influenced mainly by writers such as Tom Wolfe and Lester Bangs ) .
The King ( who appears to be chronically dissatisfied with his 10-cm-tall son 's small size ) charges the Prince to go to Earth with a '' katamari '' -- a magical ball that allows anything smaller than it to stick to it and make it grow -- and collect enough material for him to recreate the stars and constellations .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , interstitial lung disease ( ILD )
Glenn Thomas Jacobs ( born April 26 , 1967 in Madrid , Spain ) is an American professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name , Kane and is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on its SmackDown brand .
Sudan is situated in northern Africa , bordering the Red Sea and it has a coastline of 853 km along the Red Sea .
Shades of red and orange may sometimes appear , either replacing or mixing with the yellow according to subspecies .
Also known as Hentchak , Henchak , Social-Democratic Hentchakists , Huntchakians , Hnchakian , Henchags , its name is taken from its newspaper Hunchak , meaning '' Clarion '' or '' Bell '' in English , and is taken by party members to represent '' a call or awakening , for enlightenment and freedom . ''
Guitars are traditionally constructed of various woods and strung with animal gut or , more recently , with either nylon or steel strings .
The player takes on the role of an engineer named Isaac Clarke , who battles a polymorphic , virus-like , alien infestation which turns humans into grotesque alien monsters called '' Necromorphs '' , on board a stricken interstellar mining ship named the USG Ishimura .
Sergio PÃ rez Mendoza ( born January 26 , 1990 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) , also known as '' Checo '' PÃ rez , is a Mexican racing driver .
To order the book as a bound book , click the '' Order book from PediaPress '' button .
The conflict between his parents about religion meant that , unlike most Italians , Mussolini was not baptised at birth and would not be until much later in life .
1810 & ndash ; Ernst Kummer , German mathematician ( d. 1893 )
He studied in Armenia and Istanbul , then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915 .
AmbÃ rieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
It is by far the longest of the Pauline epistles , and is considered his '' most important theological legacy '' .
The Suprematists also made architectural models in the 1920s which offered a different conception of socialist buildings to those developed in Constructivist architecture .
70 Virginis b is an extrasolar planet approximately 60 light-years away in the constellation of Virgo .
Detention may refer to : Detention ( 2003 film ) School punishment #Detention , a punishment used in schools Detention ( Cold Case Episode ) , Episode 58 ( Series 3 Episode 12 ) of CBS TV Drama Cold Case .
A user 's home directory is intended to contain that user 's files ; including text documents , music , pictures or videos , etc. .
The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline referred to by Egyptologists as the First Intermediate Period .
Rudolph Valentino ( May 6 , 1895 -- August 23 , 1926 ) was an Italian actor , sex symbol , and early pop icon .
Unión Deportiva Las Palmas , S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , in the autonomous community of Canary Islands .
The major towns are Rabaul/Kokopo in East New Britain and Kimbe in West New Britain .
During the 1970s , his nephew Billy Backus became world 's welterweight champion after having a shaky start to his own boxing career , and Basilio declared on the day that Backus became champion , that to him , Billy winning the title was better than when he won it himself .
That same year , Mattel also introduced Fashion Polly !
European-brought diseases sweep through the Andes , killing thousands , including the Inca .
Schneider writes numerous publications on safety , proliferation and economic trends of the nuclear industry .
They have appeared on the cover of that company 's free magazine , V !
Etymology The Portuguese Man O ' War ( named caravela-portuguesa in Portuguese ) is named for its air bladder , which looks similar to the triangular sails of the Portuguese ship ( man-of-war ) Caravela latina ( two - or three-masted lateen-rigged ship caravel ) , of the 15th and 16th centuries .
Nonverbal communication is usually understood as the process of communication through sending and receiving wordless messages .
Built in 1964 , the vehicle was powered by a 1955 or 1956 Chevrolet V8 and was backed by a Powerglide automatic transmission .
He is credited with many recording innovations .
A short comparison of these two types of algorithms is given below : Speed of algorithms Symmetric-key algorithms are generally much less computationally intensive than asymmetric key algorithms .
The Celtic League is a non-governmental organization that promotes self-determination and Celtic identity and culture in Ireland , Scotland , Wales , Brittany , Cornwall and the Isle of Man , known as the Celtic nations .
A popular form of textile art in Japan is shibori ( intricate tie dye ) , found on some of the more expensive kimonos and haori kimono jackets .
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In recreational canoeing , maps measure portages ( overland paths where canoes must be carried ) in rodsVoyaguer Maps BWCA map downloads .
Its capital is Baton Rouge and largest city is New Orleans .
As of January 1 , 2006 , Ingelmunster had a total population of 10,617 .
Some PDAs also have a USB port , mainly for USB flash drives .
BÃ thonsart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
John Constantine Unitas ( juË Ë naÉ tÉ s ; May 7 , 1933 â '' September 11 , 2002 ) , known as Johnny Unitas or '' Johnny U '' , and nicknamed '' The Golden Arm '' , was a professional American football player in the 1950s through the 1970s , spending the majority of his career with the Baltimore Colts .
She won two matches against Sonja Graf for the Women 's World Champion title ; ( +3 -- 1 = 0 ) at Rotterdam 1934 , and ( +9 -- 2 = 5 ) at Semmering 1937 .
Old Persian appears primarily in the inscriptions , clay tablets , seals of the Achaemenid era ( c. 600 BCE to 300 BCE ) .
The Holocaust ( from the Greek : hólos , '' whole '' and kaustós , '' burnt '' ) , The word is only marginally found in Greek Classical literature referring in general to an offering .
Network Ten , or Channel Ten , is one of Australia 's three major commercial television networks .
The supposed drug reference in the line '' I 'd love to turn you on '' resulted in the song initially being banned from broadcast by the BBC .
Its name in Ossetic transliterates ( in the ISO 9-system ) as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani .
Sean Allen Morley ( born March 6 , 1971 ) best known by his ring name Val Venis , is a Canadian professional wrestler .
On 26 July 2004 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced the acquisition of Abbey National plc. .
William de Wiveleslie Abney FRS ( 24 July 1843 -- 3 December 1920 ) was an English astronomer , chemist , and photographer .
The name is derived from the Latin sol ( sun ) and sistere ( to stand still ) , because at the solstices , the Sun stands still in declination ; that is , the apparent movement of the Sun 's path north or south comes to a stop before reversing direction .
Walter Kogler
The Dutch Wikipedia ( ) is the Dutch language edition of Wikipedia .
Vietnam War : The Fall of Saigon : The Vietnam War ends as Communist forces take Saigon , resulting in mass evacuations of Americans and South Vietnamese .
The Hush Sound SweetTangerine.net ( accessed April 10 , 2007 ) The band consists of Bob Morris on vocals and guitar , Mike Leblanc on bass and vocals , Darren Wilson on drums and vocals , and Greta Salpeter on vocals and piano .
Albatross chicks fledge on their own and receive no further help from their parents , who return to the nest after fledging , unaware their chick has left .
a family of
Only one track , '' One After 909 '' , was taken from the rooftop concert , with '' I 've Got a Feeling '' and '' Dig a Pony '' being studio recordings instead .
Ferdinand II died in 1516 in Madrigalejo , Extremadura .
It was released on January 29 , 1996 for the PC .
His season also included two pole positions , three fastest laps and two lap records , helping him to sixth in the championship .
The cost of a Travelcard is determined by the area it covers and , for this purpose , London is divided into a number of fare zones .
The vegetation of the small and narrow islands , encompassed by the sea , is very luxuriant ; including rainforests , sago , rice and the famous spices - nutmeg , cloves and mace , among others .
Aubrometz is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Collectively , disruptive editors harm Wikipedia by degrading its reliability as a reference source and by exhausting the patience of productive editors who may quit the project in frustration when a disruptive editor continues with impunity .
Poanes benito Freeman , 1979 -- Benito 's Skipper
Some party members stayed in the mainland and broke away from the main KMT to found the Revolutionary Committee of the Kuomintang , which still currently exists as one of the eight minor registered parties in the People 's Republic of China .
Arsenic acid is prepared by treating arsenic trioxide with concentrated nitric acid , or by combination of arsenic pentoxide with water .
Johnson was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1806 .
In its second phase , Synthetic Cubism , the movement spread and remained vital until around 1919 , when the Surrealist movement gained popularity .
Constitutional monarchy -- A government that has a monarch , but one whose powers are limited by law or by a formal constitution .
In Spain , the Reconquista continued as several important cities were recaptured from the Moors .
The elk , or wapiti ( Cervus canadensis ) , is one of the largest species of deer in the world and one of the largest mammals in North America and eastern Asia .
Also Ed Begley , Jr. , Josh Duhamel , Gilbert Gottfried , Tim Gunn , and Carson Palmer playing themselves .
According to the 1998 census , the population was 595,227 .
DSE crews conducted backburning operations to ensure containment of the fire on 9 February , warning residents of areas between Pakenham and Warragul about smoke from those fires .
CONCACAF ( the Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Association Football ) is the continent-wide governing body for football in North America , Central America and the Caribbean .
, Prutky 's Travels in Ethiopia and other Countries with notes by Richard Pankhurst ( London : Hakluyt Society , 1991 ) In the South Asian subcontinent , food is traditionally always eaten without utensils .
They had four children : Sarah , Michael , Ruth and Maxim .
He is called , by Muslims , the created Holy Spirit ( Islam ) that spoke to Muhammad , Nader , M/O. The Holy Spirit in the Quran .
Jacqueline Mary du Pré OBE ( 26 January 1945 19 October 1987 ) was a British cellist , acknowledged as one of the greatest interpreters of the instrument .
Sirius left Portsmouth on 13 May 1787 , and arrived at Port Jackson on 26 January 1788 .
The Balearic Islands comprise Majorca and Minorca which are the Balearic Islands proper , and other smaller islands , which together constitute an autonomous community of Spain .
She began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter Josh Ritter in 2007 and with singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau in 2005 .
April 4 & ndash ; Felipe III ( Philip III ) , King of Spain , signs an edict to expel of all moriscos from Spain ( see September 11 ) .
Besançon ( French and Arpitan : ; archaic German : Bisanz , ) , is the capital and principal city of the region of Franche-Comt é in eastern France .
Tizac-de-Curton is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
He was hanged , drawn and quartered â '' strangled by hanging but released while he was still alive , eviscerated and his bowels burnt before him , beheaded , castrated , then cut into four parts .
Michael Fuchs-Gambock , Gerhard Augustin : Booklet to CD re-issue of '' Hosianna Mantra '' , SPV recordings , 2004 The band took its name from the Popol Vuh , a manuscript containing the mythology of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya people of highland Guatemala .
An UN force ( InterFET ) consisting mainly of Australian Defence Force personnel was deployed to East Timor to establish and maintain peace .
The rain season for the northern coast is from November to January .
Broomhill ward -- which includes the districts of Broomhill , Crookesmoor , Endcliffe , and Tapton -- is one of the 28 electoral wards in City of Sheffield , England .
In both developing and developed countries , artificial feeding is associated with more deaths from diarrhea in infants .
1642 & ndash ; Charles I calls the English Parliament traitors .
The films in which they co-starred included Captain Blood (/O1935/O) , The Charge of the Light Brigade (/O1936/O) , The Adventures of Robin Hood and Four 's a Crowd (/O1938/O) , Dodge City and The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex (/O1939/O) , Santa Fe Trail (/O1940/O) and They Died with Their Boots On (/O1941/O) .
Konzum joined the Agrokor group in 1994 .
About 98 % of Antarctica is covered by ice that averages at least 1.6 kilometres ( 1.0 mi ) in thickness .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora , and sometimes the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately .
He is currently Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra in London and Conductor Laureate of the Los Angeles Philharmonic .
Murtaugh is named after Mark Murtaugh , who oversaw a local irrigation project .
Alternating
OMIM =
Leventina is one of the eight districts of the largely Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In addition , there are about 50 smaller macropods closely related to the kangaroo in the family Macropodidae .
He moved to Los Angeles , California in 1988 to pursue a career in interior design and set construction .
Word order Word order in simple Turkish sentences is generally Subject Object Verb , as in Korean and Latin , but unlike English .
In Lothian there is Edinburgh City , West Lothian , Mid Lothian and East Lothian .
Though he asked Voldemort to spare Lily , Snape , still fearing for her safety , went to Dumbledore and begged him to protect the Potters .
It was founded in 1440 by King Henry VI as '' The King 's College of Our Lady of Eton besides Wyndsor '' .
The Sea of Japan is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean , between the Asian mainland , the Japanese archipelago , and Sakhalin .
Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Papuan languages are those languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian .
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
Most programming nowadays is done using high-level programming languagesTIOBE Software Popularity Indexhttp : \/O/ \/O/ langpop.com \/O/ , which are typically easier to read and write .
The team 's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen , and Drew Carey .
Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success .
Olbia ( or , locally , ; Sardinian name : Terranoa , Gallurese : Tarranoa ) , is a town of approximately 54,000 ( 2009 ) inhabitants in northeastern Sardinia ( Italy ) , in the Gallura sub-region .
Today this is generally interpreted to mean C D F G A c d , but this should be considered sol la do re mi sol la , since historically the qin was not tuned to absolute pitch .
ISBN 3-85052-197-4
He was assassinated by a member of the Muslim Brotherhood while in office .
Simultaneously , Archer starred in a production of his courtroom play The Accused , staged at London 's Theatre Royal Haymarket . The play concerned the court trial of an alleged murderer and assigned the role of jury to the audience , which would vote on the guilt of Archer 's character at the end of each performance .
Dury is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
One of the world 's larger and best-known Hasidic movements , it is based in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , New York .
The airport is operated by the Airport Authority Hong Kong and is the primary hub for Cathay Pacific , Dragonair , Hong Kong Express Airways , Hong Kong Airlines and Air Hong Kong ( cargo ) .
The Imagen Foundation is dedicated to '' encouraging and recognizing the positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment industry '' Imagen Foundation slogan .
They were the last Winter Olympics to be held the same year as the Summer Olympics , and the first where the Winter Paralympics were held at the same site .
In digital circuits , a flip-flop is a term referring to an electronic circuit ( a bistable multivibrator ) that has two stable states and thereby is capable of serving as one bit of memory .
In the presidential election of 1860 , the Republican Party , led by Abraham Lincoln , had campaigned against the expansion of slavery beyond the states in which it already existed .
The winged male ants , called drones , emerge from pupae along with the breeding females ( although some species , like army ants , have wingless queens ) , and do nothing in life except eat and mate .
Tatsuya Enomoto ( born 16 March 1979 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Japanese club Vissel Kobe .
The eye continued to contract to a diameter of about , the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane , and at 1200 UTC on October 19 , Wilma attained peak winds of .
In that year , Egypt made peace with Israel , the government of Iran was overthrown in the Iranian Revolution , and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan began .
'' Machine and I '' ( The Queen and I Remix ) ( featuring Keith Buckley of Every Time I Die ) & ndash ; 4:22
On October 22 , 2006 , at 3:13 p.m. PST , a magnitude 3.5 earthquake broke loose Spine 7 .
King Rudolph III of Burgundy gave the lands to the Bishop of Sion in 999 , making him Count of the Valais .
In a large open-air theater , like the Theatre of Dionysus in Athens , the classical masks were able to bring the characters ' face closer to the audience , especially since they had intensely exaggerated facial features and expressions .
Maigné is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
General description The earliest version of the CRT was invented by the German physicist Ferdinand Braun in 1897 and is also known as the ` Braun tube ' .
Thus , each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation .
It is produced by fermentation of glucose , sucrose , or lactose by the Xanthomonas campestris bacterium .
The early symptoms are insidious but rapidly progressive , and swelling of the throat may lead to cyanosis and asphyxiation .
The is the smallest of the six original and distinct breeds of dog from Japan .
Concept and creation According to Rowling , the idea for both the Harry Potter books and its eponymous protagonist came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .
Knowles has sold more than 50 million records worldwide with the group and over 75 million records in her total career .
The single car team was unsuccessful in its first year , scoring no points .
The World Economic Forum ( WEF ) is a Geneva-based non-profit foundation best known for its annual meeting in Davos , Switzerland , which brings together top business leaders , international political leaders , selected intellectuals and journalists to discuss the most pressing issues facing the world , including health and the environment .
History São Tomé was founded by Portugal in 1485 .
After Big Show dropped to his knees , Mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches , which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth .
With their supplies destroyed by Stoneman 's troops at the towns of Wytheville and Abingdon , there was little hope of being resupplied or reinforced in the near future .
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers ( Geomyidae ) , the kangaroo rats and mice ( Heteromyidae ) , and their fossil relatives .
The hydraulis was the world 's first keyboard instrument , and was , in fact the predecessor of the modern church organ .
He was first the organist at the cathedral in Huesca from 1585 to 1603 , and then moved to a more prestigious position as maestro de música at La Seo Cathedral in Saragossa .
January 24 A sudden heavy snowfall hits Algeria .
The park , which receives approximately thirty-five million visitors annually , is the most visited urban park in the United States .
The Atlantic Ocean 's Sargasso Sea was named after the algae , as it hosts a large amount of Sargassum .
A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and Universal Time is Sunday January 14 , 2007 at 13:18:59.9 .
From 800 AD to 1400 AD , this ancient civilization farmed the area and built irrigation canals , constructing more than 125 miles of canals , much of which remains extant today .
The nose was designed to carry two .50 in ( 12.7 mm ) M2 Browning machine guns , with 200 rpg , two .30 in ( 7.62 mm ) Brownings , with 500 rpg , and an Oldsmobile 37 mm ( 1.46 in ) cannon with 15 rounds .
Re-runs still air on CTV and The Comedy Network in Canada , WGN America in the United States .
In multicellular organisms , numerous signal transduction processes are required for coordinating the behavior of individual cells to support the function of the organism as a whole .
Davis attended Watford Boys ' Grammar School , where he studied classics in his sixth form years and the Junior Royal Academy of Music .
Whale ( origin Old English h æl ) is the common name for various marine mammals of the order Cetacea .
His music shows the influence of Brahms and Schumann , and to a lesser extent of Irish folk music ; he was generally unsympathetic to more modern developments .
The novel won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel , and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1998 .
The club 's home is one of 29 UEFA Category three stadia , the all-seated Hampden Park in south east Glasgow , which is also the home of the Scottish national team .
The story is of great antiquity â '' it was current in the time of Homer ( eighth century BC ) â '' and consequently it survives in various forms , among which details vary .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
A cultural definition of Europe as the lands of Latin Christendom coalesced in the eighth century , signifying the new cultural condominium created through the confluence of Germanic traditions and Christian-Latin culture , defined partly in contrast with Byzantium and Islam , and limited to northern Iberia , the British Isles , France , Christianized western Germany , the Alpine regions and northern and central Italy .
Gambon is a qualified private pilot and his love of cars led to his appearance on the BBC 's Top Gear program .
Henrietta had strong Catholic beliefs , which would heavily influence her time as queen , and particularly the initial years following her marriage . Charles liked to call Henrietta Maria simply '' Maria '' , with the English people calling her '' Queen Mary '' , alluding to Charles ' Catholic grandmother .
The film contains monologues of these women and dramatically highlights three verses of the Quran , ( and ) that authorize mistreatment of women , by showing them painted on women 's bodies .
Power Windows Website Rush : By Brian Harrigan , Accessed 17 April 2007
The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album has been awarded since 1991 .
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial , so-named because the German Foreign Office was located at the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin .
The dipole moment of the bar magnet points from its magnetic south to its magnetic north pole .
Adams was found guilty in a subsequent trial of 13 offences of prescription fraud , lying on cremation forms , obstructing a police search and failing to keep a dangerous drugs register .
Villandraut is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Islamic theology ( ) is a branch of Islamic studies regarding the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith .
In 1991 , The Offspring teamed up with Wilson again to produce the Baghdad 7 '' EP .
The Cantonal police can issue a permit which allows residents to drive and park at the northern outskirts .
Prominent contributors to theory include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel .
The first 500 primes are listed below , followed by lists of the first prime numbers of various types in alphabetical order .
M. leprae is an aerobic rod-shaped ( bacillus ) surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to mycobacteria .
Redon and Werner (/O1969/O) , p. ix .
1989 & ndash ; A solar flare from the Sun creates a geomagnetic storm that affects micro chips , leading to a halt of all trading on Toronto 's stock market .
For example , long-term contributors using their real names may wish to use a pseudonymous account for contributions they do not want their real name to be associated with , or long-term users might create a new account to experience how the community functions for new users .
Poland A second-level administrative division in Poland is called a powiat .
On 11 July 1902 , in failing health and broken hearted over the death of his wife , Salisbury resigned .
In modern times the sun appears in the constellation Sagittarius during this time .
The Red Deer is the fourth largest deer species behind moose , elk ( wapiti ) , and sambar deer .
The M-Train uses sliding doors , unlike K-Stocks and A-Stocks which use plug-doors .
When Emo does n't accept his story , Proog becomes desperate and hits him .
1705 & ndash ; Leopold Josef Graf Daun , Austrian field marshal ( d. 1766 )
1865 & ndash ; Rudyard Kipling , English writer , Nobel laureate ( d. 1936 )
Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood ; Copper has become an experienced hunting dog , while Tod has grown into a handsome fox . On the night of Copper 's return , Tod ( Mickey Rooney ) sneaks over to meet him .
The bonus DVD includes interviews with the band members and producer regarding the Valley of the Damned period and the remix , professionally filmed footage from their first Japanese tour , two commentaries ; one from Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and one from ZP Theart and Karl Groom , backstage footage from a live performance in Japan and from the recording , in Denmark , and remixing session for the album .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
Nome is a city in the Nome Census Area in the Unorganized Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska , located on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea .
Henbane ( Hyoscyamus niger ) , also known as stinking nightshade or black henbane , is a plant of the family Solanaceae that originated in Eurasia , though it is now globally distributed .
Here DvoÅ Ã k met with Harry Burleigh , his pupil at the time and one of the earliest African-American composers .
Photography is the process , activity and art of creating still or moving pictures by recording radiation on a radiation-sensitive medium , such as a photographic film , or an electronic sensor .
Resident Evil : The Umbrella Chronicles , known as Biohazard : The Umbrella Chronicles in Japan , is a rail shooting video game co-developed by Capcom and Cavia .
1924 & ndash ; Billy Barty , American actor ( d. 2000 )
Olive oil is also used in soap making and as lamp oil .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
The family name is derived from the genus Vitis .
It features Samantha Morton as the voice of Ruby , Billy Rosemberg as the voice of Max and Julie Lemieux as Louise .
The surface low occluded and moved northward through the Mississippi Valley , spreading light to moderate rains along its path .
Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
The Honda engine is designed and produced by Ilmor , which is part owned by Roger Penske .
Bed ich Smetana ( ; 1824 , Litomy l , Bohemia 1884 , Prague , Bohemia ) was a Czech composer who pioneered the development of a musical style which became closely identified with his country 's aspirations to independent statehood .
The capital and largest city is Natal .
Many years later , when Max is in middle school , he finds out that Freak and his mother , Guinevere ( referred to as '' The Fair Gwen '' after King Arthur 's wife ) are moving into the house next door .
As a lieutenant in the he accompanied Byron during his voyage of circumnavigation , from June 1764 to May 1766 .
He wrote six symphonies , 15 operas , 14 ballet scores and a large body of orchestral , chamber , vocal and instrumental works .
A Furby ( plural Furbys or Furbies , according to Tiger .
A killer app can substantially increase sales of the platform on which it runs .
It was originally defined to include those organisms ( originally , only invertebrates ) that had certain features : Michener , C. D. , Annu .
Kelp forests are underwater areas with a high density of kelp .
Galileo 's Encounter with 951 Gaspra : Overview , Icarus , Vol .
The terms anoxia and hypoxia are used in various contexts :
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team , based at The Pollards in the Watersheddings area of Oldham , Greater Manchester , England .
Kansas ' first album with Elefante , Vinyl Confessions , released in May 1982 , was their most successful studio release since Point of Know Return .
The Singapore River is a small river in Singapore with great historical importance .
The French rank of field marshal should not be confused with the rank of Marshal of France , which was the highest rank of the Ancien RÃ gime and is in effect the highest French rank today ( although in theory it is not an actual rank but a '' state dignity '' ) .
Magna Carta is often a symbol for the first time the citizens of England were granted rights against an absolute king . However , in practice the Commons could not enforce Magna Carta in the few situations where it applied to them , so its reach was limited .
About 467 people live there and it has 7.58 kmÂ .
The match begins with a four-minute chess round . This is followed by three minutes of boxing , with rounds of chess and boxing alternating until the end .
Thomas Wentworth '' Tom '' Wills ( 19 August 1835 -- 3 May 1880 ) was an Australian all-round sportsman , umpire , coach and administrator who is credited as one of the inventors of Australian rules football .
The town 's largest employer , the abalone co-operative , was formed in 1967 .
However , in the case of Rhea , the electron plasma started to drop off slightly at eight times that distance , and decreased gradually until the expected sharp drop off as Cassini entered Rhea 's plasma shadow .
The chemical formula is SnS .
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color and , in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
Authors for the IPCC reports are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments , and participating organisations and the Working Group/Task Force Bureaux , and other experts as appropriate , known through their publications and works ( , 4.2.1,2 ) .
It is 9.25 inches in circumference ( 2 3/8 inches to 3 inches in diameter ) .
Franz Seldte ( 29 June 1882 1 April 1947 ) was a cofounder of the German paramilitary organization Stahlhelm , Bund der Frontsoldaten , a Nazi politician , and a Reich labour minister .
Khojak Pass is between Quettaand Chaman .
This was traditionally interpreted as the reason for the building of hill forts , although the siting of some hill forts on the sides of hills undermined their defensive value , hence '' hill forts '' may represent increasing communal areas or even ` Elite Areas ' .
Sir Martin John Evans ( b. 1 January 1941 , Stroud , Gloucestershire ) is a British scientist who , with Matthew Kaufman , was the first to culture mice embryonic stem cells and cultivate them in a laboratory in 1981 .
During this era , now-extinct wild animals such as mammoths , European lions and Irish elk roamed the European continent .
'' Fallen Leaves '' is the third single released from the Canadian rock group Billy Talent 's second album , Billy Talent II .
kerfeldt producing , in November 2007 .
He currently plays for the J. League team Tokushima Vortis on loan from Cerezo Osaka after falling out with his manager .
'' So Here We Are\/Positive Tension '' is a double A-side single by Bloc Party from their debut album Silent Alarm .
is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Albirex Niigata FC ( Singapore ) .
Triple H defeated The Rock in a Strap match ( 19:21 ) Triple H pinned Rock after a Pedigree to earn a WWF Championship match at SummerSlam .
The second is the MESSENGER spacecraft , which mapped another 30 % during its flyby of January 14 , 2008 .
The county was on occasion referred to as Duns-shire or Dunsshire during the Victorian period and after , reflecting the fact that Duns had become the county town .
The United Soccer Leagues constitute the lower divisions ; the USL First Division is a 2nd division league and the USL Second Division is a 3rd division league .
Saladin abolishes the Fatimid caliphate , restoring Sunni rule in Egypt .
Sainte-Foy , VendÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Mario Basler ( born 18 December 1968 in Neustadt an der Weinstraße , Germany ) is a German former football ( soccer ) winger , and current manager and sport director of the German team SV Eintracht Trier 05 .
Meristematic cells are analogous in function to stem cells in animals , are incompletely or not at all differentiated , and are capable of continued cellular division ( youthful ) .
The progress of the fire had been stopped by the afternoon of 9 February , though it had burned through 245 km ² .
The cubic metre ( US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 ) is the SI derived unit of volume .
The word derives from the Greek language '' '' , which literally means '' the inhabited world '' , YourDictionary - ecumenical definition 1996-2010 LoveToKnow , Corp. .
Prominent amongst the participants were Sardar Gohar Rehman , Chaudhry Ghulam Abbass , Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad Ashai , Mistri Yaqoob Ali , Sardar Fateh Muhammed Khan Kharelvi , Sheikh Ghulam Qadir and Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah .
In European decorative art , the sphinx enjoyed a major revival during the Renaissance .
The swans are the largest members of the duck family Anatidae , and are among the largest flying birds .
Many Major League alumni have called Northern League teams home in an effort get back to the Majors .
While all animals can generally be considered to contain the four tissue types , the manifestation of these tissues can differ depending on the type of organism .
Enlightenment has been under development for over a decade ; its latest stable release is version E16 1.0.4 .
La Hulpe ( ) is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Henry Addington , 1st Viscount Sidmouth , PC ( 30 May 1757 -- 15 February 1844 ) was a British statesman , and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804 .
Finland rejected territorial demands and was invaded by the Soviet Union in November 1939 .
Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury , Kent , is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England and forms part of a World Heritage Site .
From the 6th century Bergamo was the seat of one of the most important Lombard duchies of northern Italy , together with Brescia , Trento and Cividale del Friuli : its first Lombard duke was Wallaris .
Charmed is an American television series that originally aired from October 7 , 1998 , until May 21 , 2006 , on The WB Television Network .
British Rail Class 395 is a dual-voltage electric multiple unit ( EMU ) used by train operating company Southeastern for its services along High Speed 1 and onwards to the Kent coast . The trains were built in Japan by Hitachi and shipped to the United Kingdom to operate new high speed domestic services .
Ã dson Boaro , best known as Ã dson and as Ã dson AbobrÃ # o ( born July 3 , 1959 at SÃ # o JosÃ do Rio Pardo , SÃ # o Paulo State ) is a former Brazilian football ( soccer ) defender .
Broadcast :
Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic .
Work Dr. Costanza 's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems , particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales .
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car multiple unit , built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units .
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Havel left office after his second term as Czech president ended on 2 February 2003 ; VÃ clav Klaus , one of his greatest political opponents , was elected his successor on 28 February 2003 .
Geographers and geologists sometimes call the area , along with the Imperial Valley to the south , the '' Cahuilla Basin '' or the '' Salton Trough '' .
29 Amphitrite ( , or as in ) is one of the largest S-type asteroids , probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno , although Iris and Herculina are similar in size .
The abbey was founded in 1089 when Leopold II , Margrave of Austria gave one of his castles to Benedictine monks from Lambach Abbey .
Management Methods of treatment often involve some combination of behavior modification , medication , life-style changes and counseling .
PERM , labor certification ( Program Electronic Review Management ) , a foreign labor certification program implemented by the United States Department of Labor
Cortina d'Ampezzo had been awarded the games in June 1939 , but due to World War II , the 1944 Winter Olympics were cancelled in 1941 .
The ability to be mobile is an other distinctive characteristic of an animal .
Over the years , he has donated billions of dollars to charity , schools and hospitals .
The acquisition of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer , and as of the end of fiscal year 1999 , the second-largest online bookseller in the United States .
Khan Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde overruns Moscow , as punishment for Grand Prince Dmitri Donskoi 's resistance to Khan Mamai of the Blue Horde in the 1370s .
The suite originally bundled Keynote , a presentation program which had previously been sold as a standalone application , and Pages , a combined word processing and page layout application .
When the city grew further , a bigger market place became necessary .
Clove was then one of the most valuable spices , a kg costing around 7 g of gold .
Riverton , Mississippi , United States
SliTaz GNU/Linux A small desktop distribution .
Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France .
Roucamps is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Snoopy is a fictional character in the long-running comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz . He is Charlie Brown 's pet beagle .
The taxi station in Basseterre is located at the Circus ( 466 6999 ) .
Retrieved : February 23 , 2008 .
1824 & ndash ; Mexico adopts a new constitution and becomes a federal republic .
eta _ { th } = 1 - frac { r ^ { 1 - gamma } ( r_c ^ gamma - 1 ) } { gamma ( r_c - 1 ) } ,
In medical contexts , newborn or neonate ( from Latin , neonatus , newborn ) refers to an infant in the first 28 days of life ( less than a month old ) .
It covers 9.07 km ² and is located in the proximity of the capital city of Srinagar .
Hans Kleppen ( 16 March 1907 -- 12 April 2009 ) was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the late 1920s .
Nacozari began with the discovery of mines in 1660 .
Deletion of a Wikipedia article removes the current version and from public view .
On the other hand , many large hills , including some Munros , and other well-known hills such as Bowfell , the Langdale Pikes and Carnedd Dafydd , are not Marilyns because they do not have sufficient relative height .
Let me root , root , root for the home team , If they do n't win , it 's a shame .
; style : add CSS to the main div . ; headerstyle : add CSS to the header .
On 15 April 1989 , the ground was the scene of one of the worst sporting tragedies of all time when 94 Liverpool fans ( the final death toll was 96 ) were crushed to death in an FA Cup semi-final in the infamous Hillsborough disaster .
Finally , the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act was passed by the British Parliament in 1900 .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) is a semi - voluntary association of 1,281 institutions , conferences , organizations and individuals that organizes the athletic programs of many colleges and universities in the United States and Canada .
This is a list of some of the forests in the United Kingdom .
However Delhi still held out against the British and encouraged by this Dhund tribesmen tried to seize Murree by simultaneously rising on every side and crowding up the nearer hill-sides threatening destruction of the station .
There he spent the first sixteen years of his life , and received all his schooling , most of it from his father , Robert P. Nevin , editor and proprietor of a Pittsburgh newspaper , and a contributor to many magazines .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
He was known to his contemporaries as Fra Giovanni da Fiesole ( Brother John from Fiesole ) and by Vasari as Fra Giovanni Angelico ( Brother Giovanni the Angelic One ) .
It works best on texts that are for children up to fourth grade .
Ricardo Cabanas-Rey ( born 17 January 1979 in Zürich ) is a Swiss football ( soccer ) player who plays as a midfielder for Grasshoppers .
Throughout most of the history of personal computers , data transfer through serial ports connected the computer to devices such as terminals and various peripherals .
The group Ayers headed in Detroit , Michigan became one of the earliest gatherings of what became the Weatherman .
Van Schie currently lives in the Dutch province Overijssel .
In 1913 his father rejoined his regiment at Aldershot , where the family moved into Stonehurst , a large , furnished bungalow on top of a hill .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .
On 1 October 1500 , Columbus and his two brothers , likewise in chains , were sent back to Spain .
No Country for Old Men , released in November 2007 , follows closely the 2005 novel by Cormac McCarthy .
The density of solvents that are heavier than water are bolded .
History On February 23 , 1998 , Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to co-ordinate the development of the Mozilla Application Suite .
With the 2008 revisions of the notebook , wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter .
Varieties of LPG bought and sold include mixes that are primarily propane , mixes that are primarily butane , and the more common , mixes including both propane ( 60 % ) and butane ( 40 % ) , depending on the season -- in winter more propane , in summer more butane .
Alt Press
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
In passive solar building design , windows , walls , and floors are made to collect , store , and distribute solar energy in the form of heat in the winter ( Passive Solar Heating ) and reject solar heat in the summer ( Passive Solar Cooling ) .
All of the outer walls still stand today , although the Temple itself has long since been destroyed , and for many years it was believed that the western wall of the complex was the only wall standing .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos depicting others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
Venice repels a Hungarian invasion .
The union council takes its name from the main village of the area - i.e. Nambal .
He was elected on May 17 , 2005 , defeating incumbent mayor James Hahn , and then re-elected for a second term in 2009 .
Violet Blue , an author , described this website as becoming '' the new ` tubgirl ' and goatse all in one disgusting moment of choco-poo-love '' in a San Francisco Chronicle article .
In accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation all aircraft must be registered with a national aviation authority and they must carry proof of this registration in the form of a legal document called a Certificate of Registration at all times when in operation .
He is the principal owner of the Boston Red Sox and co-owner of Roush Fenway Racing .
In addition over 420 square kilometers ( 103 thousand acres ) of various crops , including sugar cane , corn and bananas , were flooded .
Retie is a municipality located in the Campine region of the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The precursor to Hurricane Elena was a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 23 .
The interwar period ( 1918 -- 1939 ) is understood , within recent Western culture , to be the period between the end of the First World War and the beginning of the Second World War .
In a recent edit } } } , you changed one or more words from one international variety of English to another .
Normally , this happens twice a dayâ '' once in the morning and once in the evening , the times during when the most people commute .
Wills 's letter stated , '' It is the desire that , after the Oration , you , as Chief Executive of the nation , formally set apart these grounds to their sacred use by a few appropriate remarks . ''
For Stowe , blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families .
BBC Four is a television network of the BBC available to digital television ( Freeview , IPTV , satellite and cable ) viewers in the United Kingdom .
According to the Council , this claim is disputed and that the hot dog was created in the late 17th century by Johann Georghehner , a butcher , living in Coburg .
He studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore , graduating in 1969 .
LinuxLive USB Creator is a free software for Windows that allows users to create bootable Live USB systems for many Linux distributions .
According to this definition and our present understanding , the universe consists of three elements : space and time , collectively known as space-time or the vacuum ; matter and various forms of energy and momentum occupying space-time ; and the physical laws that govern the first two .
; style \* : Specifies CSS styles to apply to the template body .
The Mayor of Wichita Falls is Glenn Barham . The Wichita Falls City Council has six members : Linda Ammons , Michael Smith , Dorothy Roberts-Burns , Rick Hatcher , Tim Ingle , and Mary Ward .
Koji Sakamoto ( born December 3 , 1978 in Yasu , Shiga , Japan ) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Shonan Bellmare .
He has since retired from active politics , leaving the House of Commons at the 2001 general election , but continues to be a sought-after speaker .
All three of BBC Three 's dramas produced in 2004 ( Outlaws , Bodies and Conviction ) received BAFTA nominations , as did classical music show Flashmob The Opera In 2008 , BBC Three 's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part .
Mario Bernardi C.C. is the Conductor Laureate , Boris Brott , O.C. , is the Principal Youth and Family Conductor , and Jack Everly is the Principal Pops Conductor .
Charles-Valentin Alkan ( 30 November 1813 29 March 1888 ) was a French composer and one of the greatest virtuoso pianists of his day .
Algae ( or ; singular alga , Latin for '' seaweed '' ) are a large and diverse group of simple , typically autotrophic organisms , ranging from unicellular to multicellular forms , such as the giant kelps that grow to 65 meters in length .
They originate from the Punjab region , which has been host to some of the oldest civilizations in the world including one of the world 's first and oldest civilizations , the Indus Valley Civilization .
In the end , Ruth-Marie and Melinda sided with Cirie as the secretly grieving Tina was voted out 3-1 .
Within Cisleithania and Hungary certain regions , such as Galicia and Croatia enjoyed special status with their own unique governmental structures .
Ferfay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Marcus Furius Camillus , Sextus Nonius Quinctilianus , and Lucius Apronius become Roman Consuls .
The cathedral was constructed throughout the 13th to 15th centuries , with the principal work done in the 14th century .
Since their introduction , total stations have made the technological shift from being optical-mechanical devices to being fully electronic with an onship computer and software as well as humans .
His elder brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state in the region , based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances .
Kelsey Grammer as Dr. Henry '' Hank '' McCoy \/O/ Beast : A former student of Xavier 's School who became the Secretary of Mutant Affairs in the U.S. Government .
In nature , Bangladeshi Hinduism closely resembles the forms and customs of Hinduism practiced in the neighbouring Indian state of West Bengal , with which Bangladesh ( at one time known as East Bengal ) was united until the partition of India in 1947 .
Cabbage is often added to soups or stews . Cabbage soup is popular in Central and eastern Europe , and cabbage is an ingredient in some kinds of borscht .
Spider and Son Role in the Red Hot Chili Peppers Kiedis supplies most of the Chili Peppers ' lyrics .
Since 2004 The first president of the UMP , Alain Juppé , a close associate of Jacques Chirac , resigned on 15 July 2004 after being convicted of political corruption in January of the same year .
The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on 26 July 2007 and US publishing company Scholastic released the English version , entitled Knut : How one little polar bear captivated the world , in the United States in November of the same year .
Euphorbiaceae , the Spurge family is a large family of flowering plants with 300 genera and around 7,500 species .
Her hair style was emulated by millions of young women in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Historically , it has been known to attain heights over and is one of the tallest tree species in the world .
The 11 MW plant , known as the PS10 solar power tower , produces electricity with 624 large heliostats .
The 1998 Formula One season was the 49th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
He later studied voice for two terms at the Royal College of Music .
Montluel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Izumo Shrine , which is in the city of Izumo , honors the god .
The octant was invented ( around 1730 ) independently by John Hadley in Great Britain and Thomas Godfrey in the American colonies .
The Movie .
Homing pigeons are referred to as carrier pigeons when they are used to carry messages .
The goal was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne .
The Frankish king Clovis I established Paris as his capital in 508 .
L'Oie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Campandré-Valcongrain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Southampton Corporation Tramways were in operation from 1879 to 1949 .
Caribert ( also spelled Charibert and Heribert ) , Count of Laon , son of Martin of Laon , was the maternal grandfather of Charlemagne .
In the 1040s , the Berber Zirids ( governors of North Africa under the Fatimids ) declared their independence from the Fatimids and their recognition of the Sunni Abbasid caliphs of Baghdad , which led the Fatimids to launch devastating BanÅ '' Hilal invasions .
Since his international debut back in June 2005 , he has been capped 35 times and has currently scored 3 goals for the Danish national team .
Girls Aloud had called their record label on a Friday afternoon to say they 'd rather record '' I Think We 're Alone Now '' -- the group recorded the song the following morning and the album was mastered on Monday , three days afterwards .
Michael David '' Mike '' Adamle ( born October 3 , 1949 ) is a sports personality and former National Football League player .
At that time one white maggot comes out of the larvae , suspended by a silken thread .
These foods included but were not limited to : lemons , limes , and oranges ; sauerkraut , cabbage , malt , and portable soup .
In the end , Ariq Böke surrenders to Kublai .
In 1842 his father brought home a '' great piece of news '' , and while young John Lubbock initially thought that it might be a new pony and was disappointed that the news was just that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village , he was soon a frequent visitor to Down House , and became the closest of Darwin 's younger friends .
Heel tag team Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase took exception to this and tried to gain his respect . Unsuccessful until the pay-per-view event Unforgiven , the three of them , alongside new recruit Manu , assaulted World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk , costing him his title .
After joining them in 1942 , his younger son , PÃ ter BartÃ k , enlisted in the United States Navy .
The Fulda ( ) is a river in Hesse , Germany .
In 2000 , Raymond co-published one of the first studies on trafficking in the United States entitled Sex Trafficking in the United States : Links Between International and Domestic Sex Industries .
February 6 -- Swedish troops of Charles X Gustav of Sweden cross The Great Belt ( Storebælt ) in Denmark over frozen sea .
Mustang is a growing suburban city in Canadian County , Oklahoma , United States and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area .
His life is for the most part a history of his numerous and varied publications .
, the seventeenth season of the popular television series
( x + y ) ^ n & = { n choose 0 } x ^ n y ^ 0 + { n choose 1 } x ^ { n-1 } y ^ 1 + { n choose 2 } x ^ { n-2 } y ^ 2 + { n choose 3 } x ^ { n-3 } y ^ 3 + cdots
Muse are an award-winning English rock band that formed in Teignmouth , Devon in 1994 .
His father 's stroke and subsequent death in 1746 interrupted his studies . Kant became a private tutor in the smaller towns surrounding KÃ nigsberg , but continued his scholarly research .
The stadium is located within the Moore Park Estate also known as Walham Green .
Accessed August 7 , 2009 Golfers play at the course of the Kyneton Golf Club on Black Hill Road .
Angers Sporting Club de l'Ouest ( Angers SCO ) is a French football club based in Angers , founded in 1919 .
Beetles are the group of insects with the largest number of known species .
He also issued decrees that effectively made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire .
After reading the last book , where Harry and his friends survive and have children , Radcliffe stated he was glad about the ending and lauded Rowling for the conclusion of the story .
Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Barreda González de Henao Ruiz de Blasco y Riaño usually referred as Pedro Calderón de la Barca ( 17 January 1600 & ndash ; 25 May 1681 ) , was a Roman Catholic priest , writer , poet and dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age .
May-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Secondary Balfour-Melville , E. W. M , Edward III and David II , 1954 .
Having taken up guitar , Shearston learned a repertoire of English , American and Australian folk songs and at 19 become a professional singer .
Views on suicide have been influenced by broader cultural views on existential themes such as religion , honor , and the meaning of life .
The noble gases were previously known as inert gases because of their perceived lack of participation in any chemical reactions .
Leda belongs to the Himalia group , five moons orbiting between 11 and 13 Gm from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5 ° .
Current neuroscience education and research activities can be very roughly categorized into the following major branches , based on the subject and scale of the system in examination as well as distinct experimental or curricular approaches .
Rice was the first black woman , second African American ( after her predecessor Colin Powell , who served from 2001 to 2005 ) , and the second woman ( after Madeleine Albright , who served from 1997 to 2001 in the Clinton Administration ) to serve as Secretary of State .
History The hertz is named after the German physicist Heinrich Hertz , who made important scientific contributions to electromagnetism .
A potluck is a gathering of people where each person or group of people contributes a dish of food to be shared among the group .
the Republic of Ireland , also known ( unofficially ) as ` the Republic ' ;
They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Phil of the Future was an American Situation comedy that originally aired on Disney Channel from June 18 , 2004 , to August 19 , 2006 for a total of two seasons .
A two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle Î .
Therefore , formal language theory is a major application area of computability theory and complexity theory .
Overall Classification ( 1940 , 1947 , 1949 , 1952 , 1953 )
The Hershey-Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Avery-MacLeod-McCarty experiment .
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Bubulcus , although some authorities regard its two subspecies as full species , the Western Cattle Egret and the Eastern Cattle Egret .
At the time , Mishin was also coaching another rising teenage star , Alexei Yagudin , who won the World Championships in 1998 .
Augustine of Hippo in his commentary on the Sermon on the Mount supported the Moses parallel , arguing that this symbolism showed Jesus as supplementing the precepts of Moses , although in Augustine 's later writings , such as the Reply to Faustus , he carefully backs away from this view .
The second named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season , Barry developed from a trough of low pressure in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on June 1 .
Although well-known in America as a pianist , ethnomusicologist , and teacher , he was not well known as a composer , and there was little interest in his music during his final years .
Patrick Stephan Kluivert was born on 1 July 1976 in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Paul Freier ( born 26 July 1979 in Bytom ) is a German football player who plays as a midfielder for VfL Bochum , usually employed on the right wing .
The Turi Pashtuns and Dari-speaking Kizilbash inhabitants practice the Shia form of Islam .
It is found in Namibia , South Africa , and possibly Angola .
Death Klein died in New York City on July 4 , 2009 of Alzheimer 's disease .
Tian ` anmen Square ( , ) is a large city square in the center of Beijing , China , named after the Tiananmen Gate ( literally , Gate of Heavenly Peace ) located to its north , separating it from the Forbidden City .
This article lists and discusses the usage and derivation of names of large numbers , together with their possible extensions .
Marek Heinz ( born 4 August 1977 in Olomouc , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech football striker who plays for Hungarian top team FerencvÃ rosi TC .
SportsCenter is a daily sports news television show , and the flagship program of American cable network ESPN since the network launched on September 7 , 1979 .
The original habitats of the raccoon are deciduous and mixed forests of North America , but due to their adaptability they have extended their range to mountainous areas , coastal marshes , and urban areas , where many homeowners consider them to be pests .
These are short , tight shorts , usually made of cotton , nylon , or some other common material .
Honey badgers are notoriously fearless and tough animals , having been known to savagely attack their enemies when escape is impossible .
American Idiot is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
The spleen , in healthy adult humans , is approximately in length .
As a team owner he became a member of the Formula One Constructors Association .
To celebrate the opening of the Hong Kong Disneyland , the Walt Disney Company published the Hong Kong Disneyland - The Grand Opening Celebration Album ( é æ è å # '' å 1\/4 æ å ' é -- å ç å å ç cents ) and invited both Kellyjackie and Kelly Chen to perform the song He invites me to Disneyland , leading to the advent of the duet version of the song .
September 16 & ndash ; Elizabeth de Clare , English noblewoman ( d. 1360 )
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia .
Bonnemaison is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Roberto Lopes de Miranda , best known as Roberto ( born in São Gonçalo , Rio de Janeiro State , July 31 , 1944 ) was a former Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Benay is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
The BMI can be used to determine if a person is overweight .
It borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north , Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast , and Chile to the west and south .
Arawa Kimura ( July 8 , 1931 -- February 21 , 2007 ) was a Japanese football player .
At 2009 's Electronic Entertainment Expo , Square Enix revealed Final Fantasy XIV Online , which will be Square Enix 's next MMORPG .
Ashley Cole ( born 20 December 1980 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the England national team .
Kornberg earned his bachelor 's degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1967 and his Ph. D. in chemical physics from Stanford in 1972 .
With Helianthus annuus , what is usually called the flower is actually a head ( formally composite flower ) of numerous florets ( small flowers ) crowded together .
Blog Data Space .
Eurytides is a genus of butterfly in the Papilionidae family , found in North , Central , and South America .
Lawler is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
Estrella Mountain Community College , Avondale
In March 2007 the UN mission accused Sudan 's government of orchestrating and taking part in '' gross violations '' in Darfur and called for urgent international action to protect civilians there .
The idea came from Wikipedia 's '' Reward Board '' , where interested parties would offer cash rewards or gifts to create or improve Wikipedia articles .
Diatoms are a major group of algae , and are one of the most common types of phytoplankton .
In 1620 , the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment , using what became known as Gunter 's chain ; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain , the word transferred to the actual measured unit . His chain had 100 links , and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length .
The Greek physician Hippocrates is sometimes said to be the father of epidemiology . He is the first person known to have examined the relationships between the occurrence of disease and environmental influences .
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .
A sequel to this game , PQ2 : Practical Intelligence Quotient 2 , has been released .
'' I am speechless , '' Ertl told Associated Press from his office in Berlin .
Alison Louise Balsom ( born 7 October 1978 , Hertfordshire ) is an English trumpet soloist .
The Guaraní alphabet ( achegety ) is a phonetic system used to write the Guaraní language , spoken mostly in Paraguay and nearby countries .
There is no known preventive measure against type 1 diabetes , which causes approximately 10 % of diabetes mellitus cases in North America and Europe .
After escaping , Eragon contacts the unconscious Elf telepathically , and discovers that her name is Arya .
Ornamental gardens existed since ancient Egypt , when rich people used them as a mean to relax in the shade of the trees .
Gameplay The Wii version will improve on the original with refined Wii Remote and Nunchuk controls .
In 2005 there were 29 MPs in the Co-operative Parliamentary Group , 9 Members of the Scottish Parliament , 4 Members of the Welsh Assembly and 11 Members of the House of Lords , as well as over 700 local councillors .
The result was often a merger of the two into a '' district '' ( eg Rotorua ) or a change of name to '' district ' ( eg Waimairi ) or '' city '' ( eg Manukau ) .
From 1949 to 1972 , the Territory of Papua and New Guinea was part of Australia , remaining so until the independence of the country of Papua New Guinea .
Millionaires is a pop-electronic group consisting three girls from Los Angeles , California .
CernÄ teÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,100 people .
De Valera 's opponents won the election and civil war broke out shortly afterwards in late June 1922 .
Overview All visitors to the site , including anonymous users , are part of the ' * ' group , while all logged-in users are also part of the ` user ' group .
This synthetic element is one of the so-called super-heavy atoms and was first synthesized in 1994 .
The Federal Ministry of the Interior ( in German , Bundesministerium des Innern or BMI ) is a ministry of the German federal government .
Stora Enso Oyj ( ) is a Finnish & ndash ; Swedish pulp and paper manufacturer , formed by the merger of Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora and Finnish forestry products company Enso-Gutzeit Oy in 1998 .
Ennead ( Greek , meaning the nine ) , an ancient Greek translation of the Egyptian word , Pesedjet , consists of a grouping of nine deities , most often appearing in the context of Egyptian mythology .
Podobnik states that '' the vast majority of groups that participate in these protests draw on international networks of support , and they generally call for forms of globalization that enhance democratic representation , human rights , and egalitarianism .
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII , 27 â '' 23 , after completing a game-winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes in the final 35 seconds .
The school has a swimming pool , tennis court , renovated gymnasium and two soft-surface playing fields - a soccerball field and a basketball court .
April 14 & ndash ; The foundation stone of Cathedral St. Peter and St. Paul in Nantes , France is laid .
Károlyi , Otto (/O1965/O) , Introducing Music , p. 63 .
History The county was formed in 1764 from parts of Bladen County and New Hanover County .
Glauchau is a town in Germany , in Saxony , on the right bank of the Mulde , 7 miles north of Zwickau and 17 miles west of Chemnitz by rail .
Prior to Heinz ( and his fellow innovators ) , commercial tomato ketchups of that time were watery and thin , in part due to the use of unripe tomatoes , which were low in pectin .
Queens of the Stone Age - '' No One Knows ''
In addition to elementary functions on numbers , functions include maps between algebraic structures like groups and maps between geometric objects like manifolds .
It is 19,069 km2 in area and has a population of 1,035,418 .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
February 22 & ndash ; Members of White Rose are executed in Nazi Germany .
Railway station Murrurundi railway station is located on the Main North railway line , 352 km from Sydney .
Les Ã glisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The first known library of its kind to gather a serious collection of books from beyond its country 's borders , the Library at Alexandria was charged with collecting all the world 's knowledge .
Fay eventually became extratropical on the morning of August 27 while located over Tennessee .
'' Fixing a Hole '' is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon\/McCartney ) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
He was nominated for three national awards : the Maxwell Award ( an award given to the College football Player of the Year ) , Walter Camp Award , and the Doak Walker Award ( nation 's top running back ) .
The greatest divisions in Christianity today , however , are between Eastern Orthodoxy , Catholicism , and various denominations formed during and after the Protestant Reformation .
Hunter passed examinations and qualified for promotion to lieutenant in February 1760 .
The bridge replaced a centuries-old ferry service to carry vehicular traffic , cyclists , and pedestrians across the Forth ; rail crossings are made by the adjacent and historic Forth Bridge .
The Polans ( also known as Polanes , Polanians or Polians ; ) were a West Slavic tribe inhabiting the Warta river basin .
Stems can refer to two things in music , relating to music notation and production .
The Atlas , first flown in 1957 , was the United States ' first successful ICBM ( Intercontinental Ballistic Missile ) .
Over the following months , four films in which Monroe featured were released .
This is a list of rivers of Antarctica .
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
March 1 & ndash ; The United States Continental Congress implements the Articles of Confederation , forming its Perpetual Union as the United States in Congress Assembled .
In February 2003 , the DEA established a Digital Evidence Laboratory within its Office of Forensic Sciences .
As well as the aforementioned developments , there have been two council estates built in the town - one around Cants Lane , in the town 's north east , and the area around Denham Road in the west , both of course adding to the ever rising population of the town .
The deal is for seven years with a five year option that would ensure the race to be held until 2021 .
Saltwater crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef .
Elected as secretary-general , the top post of the UN , in 1991 , Boutros-Ghali 's term in office remains controversial .
Historically , Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy , known in French as the Franche-Comt é .
After escaping from slavery , into which she was born , she made thirteen missions to rescue more than 70 slaves using the network of antislavery activists and safe houses known as the Underground Railroad .
Courtemont-Varennes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
Darryl Gudmundson & Andres Tardio ( March 24 , 2007 ) .
JosÃ Miguel GonzÃ lez Rey , aka Josemi ( born November 15 , 1979 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. in the Greek first division .
That became 1985 's Silverado and a breakout role for Costner .
Livy 's History of Rome : Book 9 Biography , although popular throughout antiquity , was introduced as a branch of history by the works of Plutarch ( c. 46 - 127 ) and Suetonius ( c. 69-after 130 ) who described the deeds and characters of ancient personalities , stressing their human side .
Events of 1800 World population was nearing 1 billion people , at 978 million .
Powell 's recollections of Eton appeared under the title of The Wat ' ry Glade .
Oman ( ) , officially the Sultanate of Oman ( ) , is an Arab country in southwest Asia on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
No standard for pseudocode syntax exists , as a program in pseudocode is not an executable program .
A ridge is an elongated region of relatively high atmospheric pressure , the opposite of a trough .
At 100 C ( 373.65 K , 212 F ) saturated sodium chloride brine is 39.12 % salt by weight i.e. 39.12 g salt dissolves in 100mls of water at 100 C/O. At 0 C ( 273.15 K , 32 F ) brine can only hold 35.70 % salt .
An Ives Celebration : Papers and Panel of the Charles Ives Centennial Festival-Conference .
Earthsea became the setting for a further six books , beginning with A Wizard of Earthsea , first published in 1968 , and continuing with The Tombs of Atuan , The Farthest Shore , Tehanu , Tales from Earthsea and The Other Wind .
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus also known as Scipio Africanus , Scipio the Elder , and Africanus the Elder ( 235 -- 183 BC ) was a general in the Second Punic War and statesman of the Roman Republic .
The passenger ship SS Yongala sank off Cape Bowling Green , Queensland , Australia on 23 March 1911 . En route from Melbourne to Cairns she steamed into a cyclone and sank south of Townsville .
He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match , and over the following weeks , Kozlov would win a series of squash matches , first against local talent , and then established names including Colin Delaney , Funaki , Nunzio , Shannon Moore , Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , and Domino .
1236 & ndash ; The Lithuanians and Semigallians defeat the Livonian Brothers of the Sword in the Battle of Saule .
Souligné-Flacé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
The club won two Libyan Premier League titles in a successful period in the late 1990 's .
He also considered it appropriate to appoint a major-general to command this expanding force and on 11 August , a new commander , Major-General Reade Godwin-Austen , reached Berbera .
The weight of the car is balanced by a counterweight .
Rise of a Hero (/O2005/O)
It a school of one of Emmanuel College 's education campuses .
Cugy
He was also chief conductor of the Houston Symphony from 1961 to 1967 , and was a guest conductor of many other orchestras including the BBC Symphony Orchestra , London Symphony Orchestra , the Philharmonia , the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic , making recordings with all these orchestras .
The Munich Oktoberfest , traditionally , takes place during the sixteen days up to and including the first Sunday in October .
Sadie , Jojo and the rest of the band hear him , and the police allow them to go back onto the roof to accompany him with their voices and instruments .
Every editable page on Wikipedia has an associated page history ( sometimes called revision history or edit history ) , which is accessed by clicking the '' history '' tab at the top of the page .
He won the 1998 Danish under-19 Player of the Year award .
The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites , and other space vehicles .
Fukushima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the TÅ hoku region on the island of HonshÅ '' .
( discovery ) In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological Metis , a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus ( the Greek equivalent of Jupiter ) .
While the term '' pistol '' can be properly used to describe any handgun , it is common to refer to a single-shot or auto-loading handgun as a '' pistol '' and a revolver as a '' revolver '' .
The Plain English Campaign ( PEC ) is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom .
A fire extinguisher is an active fire protection device used to extinguish or control small fires , often in emergency situations .
Development of agricultural techniques has steadily increased agricultural productivity , and the widespread diffusion of these techniques during a time period is often called an agricultural revolution .
! ''
Mothballed brownfields are properties that the owners are not willing to transfer or put to productive reuse .
Increasing contributions to sustainability Forestle saves 0.1 square meters ( about 0.1 square yards ) of rain forest per search event .
Carlos Alberto Gomes Parreira ( born February 27 , 1943 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian football manager .
Averdoingt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Sonny with a Chance is a Disney Channel comedy television series , created by Steve Marmel , that follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy show , So Random !
Fortel-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The name was initially suggested by Camille Flammarion Before 1975 Amalthea was most commonly known simply as .
Wildhaus is a municipality in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Responsorial prayers are a series of petitions read or sung by a leader with responses made by the congregation .
It is bounded by Meghalaya State of India on the north , Tripura State on the south , Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka and Chittagong divisions on the west .
, which brought the construction of workhouses despite riots and arson .
This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is large enough to have fully withstood all the collisions that have occurred in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was formed .
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body , face , and presence as a medium , and the latter uses materials such as clay , metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object .
He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields , at once both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction from observed nature .
Green development
He was drafted into the Red Army in January 1943 to fight in the Second World War , serving as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front , and participated in the Vienna Offensive .
Ariel Rubinstein ( Hebrew : ) ( born April 13 , 1951 ) is an Israeli economist who works in game theory .
Strasbourg ( ; Lower Alsatian : Strossburi , ; , ) is the capital and principal city of the Alsace region in north-eastern France .
Thus were many troops slaughtered or drowned .
2003 & ndash ; Illinois Governor George Ryan commutes the death sentences of 167 prisoners on Illinois ' death row based on the Jon Burge scandal .
The last remaining players from the Original Six era ( prior to the Expansion Era ) , ( Carol Vadnais , Serge Savard and Wayne Cashman ) all retired after this season .
Mayr is generally credited with inventing the modern philosophy of biology , particularly of evolutionary biology , which he distinguished from physics due to its introduction of ( natural ) history into science .
Frankie Muniz as Domino
The Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas , The Catholic University of the Philippines ( colloquially UST or '' UstÃ '' . Filipino : Unibersidad ng Santo Tomas ) , is a private Roman Catholic university run by the Order of Preachers in Manila .
Accessed November 26 , 2009 .
It is the '' lexical companion to Wikipedia '' , and the two often link to each other .
The Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine ( German : Großherzogtum Hessen und bei Rhein ) , or , between 1806 and 1816 , Grand Duchy of Hesse ( ) -- as it was also known after 1816 -- was a member state of the German Confederation from 1806 , when the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt was elevated to a Grand Duchy , until 1918 , when all the German monarchies were overthrown .
The King enters , along with the High Priest , Ramfis , and the whole palace court .
The 2007 -- 08 NHL season was the 90th season of the National Hockey League .
'' Boys '' , by Robots in Disguise from Robots in Disguise
As of November 1 , 2006 the United States held 16.4 % of total votes , Japan 7.9 % , Germany 4.5 % , and France and the United Kingdom each held 4.3 % .
In 1883 , Pulitzer , by then a wealthy man , purchased the New York World , a newspaper that had been losing $ 40,000 a year , for $ 346,000 from Jay Gould .
The First Council of Nicaea was a council of Christian bishops convened in Nicaea in Bithynia ( present-day znik in Turkey ) by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in A.D. 325 .
In a car or other vehicle 's suspension , rubber bushings are used to connect the various moving arms and pivot points to the chassis and other parts of the suspension .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson ( born January 20 , 1966 ) is an American actor and comedian .
Gaillardia ( ) , Sunset Western Garden Book , 1995:606 -- 607 the Blanket flowers , is a genus of drought-tolerant annual and perennial plants from the sunflower family ( Asteraceae ) , native to North America .
Founded in 1836 , the University at first comprised just two colleges : University College London , which previously had no official chartered status and did not apply religious tests to its students , and King 's College , which had been chartered since 1829 and which admitted only members of the Church of England .
Plano is a city in Kendall County , Illinois , United States and is a southwest suburb of Chicago .
Bran Castle , situated near Bran and in the immediate vicinity of BraÅ ov , is a national monument and landmark in Romania .
It is named after Umberto Dall ` Olmo ( 1925 -- 1980 ) , who was an amateur astronomer with degrees in both law and physics , who principally observed Jupiter and studied flare stars with Rosino .
The undisputed landmark of the city is the Lenzburg castle , built in the 11th century and since enlarged on several occasions .
As Triple H was in the pin , Orton come across and punted Triple H in the head and pinned Cena to win the match and retain the WWE Championship .
The Kingpin ( Wilson Fisk ) is a fictional character , a supervillain in the .
Young wanted to head his own force and after one unsuccessful attempt ( for the chief constableship of the Isle of Wight Constabulary ) , he became Acting Chief Constable of Leamington Spa Borough Police in September 1938 , aged 31 , at a salary of Â # 500 per annum .
Manaus is a city in Brazil , the capital of the state of Amazonas .
The franchise has also enjoyed a strong following ; from 1977 through 1995 , the team sold out 814 consecutive home games , the longest such streak in American professional sports .
Euston Square is a London Underground station at the corner of Euston Road and Gower Street , just north of University College London ( not to be confused with the nearby tube station on the Northern and Victoria lines ) .
In the study of transport phenomena ( heat transfer , mass transfer and fluid dynamics ) , flux is defined as the amount that flows through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
The Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) ( officially known as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale MSA ) , is the 12th largest in the United States , with a total population of 4,281,899 as of the July 2008 update of the 2000 U.S. Census .
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of '' Work '' .
Fuhua Secondary School is a secondary school in Jurong West , Singapore .
The album was a huge commercial success , having sold over 10 million units in the United States alone as of 2010 and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200 while also reaching high positions on other charts worldwide , despite receiving mixed reviews from publications .
Haboob winds in the Arabian Peninsula , Iraq and Kuwait are frequently created by the collapse of a thunderstorm .
He is co-author of Irreducible Mind (/O2007/O) and co-editor of The Handbook of Near-Death Experiences (/O2009/O) .
Mussaurus ( meaning '' mouse lizard '' ) was a genus of herbivorous prosauropod dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Late Triassic Period , about 215 million years ago .
Northern Ireland consists of six counties : Antrim , Armagh , Down , Fermanagh , Londonderry , and Tyrone .
The Province of Benevento is a province in the Campania region of Italy .
While publishing in literary magazines and newspapers , he worked for the Austrian radio and television .
The first public demonstration took place on October 8 , 1905 , but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896 .
Daniel Cudmore as Peter Rasputin / Colossus : He can transform his skin into an organic steel , granting superhuman strength and a resistance to damage and temperature .
Voulpaix is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Francesco Petrarca ( July 20 , 1304 -- July 19 , 1374 ) , known in English as Petrarch , was an Italian scholar , poet and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists .
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Digital Telecommunications Philippines , or Digitel .
Compared with red miso , white miso has a very short brewing time .
Monpezat is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Google Cache .
image_map = Tulcea_in_Romania .
It is located in the southeastern part of the province , bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province ( the Murree Hills area ) .
It received the temporary designation ' .
Dammard is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
According to the Potsdam Agreement , the Soviet Military Administration in Germany ( German initials : SMAD ) was assigned responsibility for the ( present-day ) eastern portion of Germany .
Westminster contains many of the most famous sites in London . Some of the popular tourist sites are Buckingham Palace , Palace of Westminster ( Houses of Parliament ) and Big Ben and nearby Westminster Abbey .
Hektor is , so far , the only known binary trojan asteroid in the point and the first trojan with a satellite companion .
Cyclades is one of fifty-one prefectures of Greece .
Content-control software determines what content will be available .
Nine people were confirmed dead , and many more feared dead among 66 reported missing .
He played on all albums and singles from their debut , 1964 's '' Zoot Suit '' , to 1978 's Who Are You , which was released three weeks before his death .
Bruno of Querfurt and others try to establish a mission among the Prussians .
At first these readings dealt primarily with the physical health of the individual ( physical readings ) ; later readings on past lives , business advice , dream interpretation , and mental or spiritual health were also given .
Hamilton pulled alongside the Ferrari and as Massa ran wide into the corner , Hamilton made a move to pass him .
The Wall Street Journal has reported that there was tension surrounding the 2000 transition of authority from Bill Gates to Ballmer .
Between 1966 and 1968 , she published three novels to critical acclaim : The Cat Who Could Read Backwards , The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern and The Cat Who Turned On and Off .
It is also an important center for maritime industries and maritime trade in Europe .
The largest of these are Vlax Romani ( about 900,000 speakers ) , Balkan Romani ( 700,000 ) , Carpathian Romani ( 500,000 ) and Sinti Romani ( 300,000 ) .
Christopher Boehm ( 1999 ) '' Hierarchy in the Forest : The Evolution of Egalitarian Behavior '' page 198 Harvard university press Leften Stavros Stavrianos ( 1991 ) .
The operating systems the daemons can run on without emulation ; also supported event dispatch facilities for network sockets ( see IRCd for further information ) .
Additional parameters for this template are available at .
After the Sangam age , most of present day Tamil Nadu ( and along with it Madurai ) came under Kalabhra rule . Kalabhras remained in control of Madurai till the middle of 6th century CE .
Last Monday In the United States , Memorial Day , a public holiday , is on May 30 , but observed on the last Monday in May .
The Delhi Sultanate begins .
The atmospheric pressure at the planet 's surface is 92 times that of the Earth .
Courmes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
They are often used in a geographic reference frame , and in this capacity are sometimes called geographic counties .
Her ball average over the seven U.S. Opens was in a different class than her opponents .
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha was the only European country to appoint a diplomatic consul to the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War .
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Cantonment , Qasba Abbottabad , Sheikhul bandi and Rakh Civil MilitaryDistrict Government of Abbottabad .
In a scalene triangle , all sides are unequal .
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions along with a small number of kings of Lower Egypt .
In one case he snuck into Ramallah under cover of night to give a piano recital , after the Israeli government had told him that it would not permit him to go there because conditions were too dangerous .
John G. '' Johnny '' Weir ( born July 2 , 1984 in Coatesville , Pennsylvania ) is an American figure skater .
Directed by Catherine Hardwicke , the film stars Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson .
The name comes from ' , the Latin word for milk , plus the - ose ending used to name sugars .
Gerpinnes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
He and the Queen have three children : Philippe Léopold Louis Marie , Duke of Brabant ( born 15 April 1960 ) .
Queer Duck : the Movie was released on DVD in 2006 .
The island is also known as Isla Chiquita ( Little Island ) and Última Virgen ( Last Virgin ) .
Saint-André-de-Cubzac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
It is a more concise and dialogic version of the CCC .
The calvados appellation system was revised in 1984 and 1996 .
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes ( August 28 , 1831 June 25 , 1889 ) was the First Lady of the United States and the wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes .
Elizabeth Hawthorne , who played Queen Omphale , went on to play Hercules ' mother in the TV series .
A bottle cap is typically colorfully decorated with the logo of the brand of beverage .
__ NOTOC __
ISBN : 0904766535 pg 84 He is also known as the King of the North .
Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes , usually known simply as Gonçalves ( born on February 22 , 1966 in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro state ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) central defender revealed by Flamengo in 1987 .
This was historically challenged by the Karaites who maintain that only the Written Torah was revealed , and , in modern times , liberal movements such as Humanistic Judaism may be nontheistic .
Most of the C-in-C 's staff were based at the headquarters , which was located in New Delhi .
Java Emitter Templates , a template engine that is part of the Eclipse EMF project
The Mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of Class 318 , Class 455 , and the diesel Class 150 .
Lawless appeared as D'Anna Biers , a reporter with the Fleet News Service who worked on a critical documentary about the crew of the Galactica and was later revealed to be a Cylon ( Number Three ) .
A rare transition metal of the platinum group of the periodic table , ruthenium is found associated with platinum ores and used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys .
BlÃ quin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their debut album , Boy , was released in 1980 .
In 1956 , Hackman decided to become an actor ; he joined the Pasadena Playhouse in California .
Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Normally , for proper sorting , dates must be entered in YYYY-MM-DD format .
In 1985 , the first U.S. cable channels devoted to pay-per-view , Viewer 's Choice , Cable Video Store , and Request TV began operation within days of each other .
Alexain is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Illiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Henri Legarda
The bottom of the pizza , called the '' crust '' , may vary widely according to style -- thin as in a typical hand-tossed pizza or Roman pizza , or thick as in a typical pan pizza or Chicago-style pizza .
This award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a Nobel Committee that consists of five members elected by The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences .
However , for historical reasons districts in cantons GraubÃ 1\/4 nden and Schwyz are their own legal entities with jurisdiction over tax and often have their own Landsgemeinde .
Belleville is home to the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League .
Overview When all the earth 's fire begins to go out , Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold .
At times , the orbiter itself is referred to as the Space Shuttle . Technically , this is a slight misnomer , as the actual '' Space Transportation System '' ( Space Shuttle ) is the combination of the orbiter , the external tank , and the two solid rocket boosters .
Shpilband was born in Moscow and defected to the United States in January Info re defection 1990 .
A lady-in-waiting is often a noblewoman from a family highly thought of in good society , but usually from a lower rank ( i.e. , a lesser noble ) than the one she attends to , she is not considered a servant .
Worldwide , gluten is an important source of nutritional protein , both in foods prepared directly from sources containing it , and as an additive to foods otherwise low in protein .
It is the world 's fifth largest country , both by geographical area and by population .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
The posthumous names of Japanese emperors are called teig ( , lit .
It was named after the Miskóc clan and was first mentioned by this name around 1210 .
It is particularly common in the Indus valley .
A total of three cassette compilations were released through the fanzine .
The endorsement test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an endorsement of religion , thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
This is a list of characters appearing in the film series Pirates of the Caribbean .
However , operations 1 and 2 do not depend on any other operation , so they can be calculated simultaneously .
1993 & ndash ; Russian Constitutional Crisis : In Moscow , tanks bombard the White House , a government building that housed the Russian parliament , while demonstrators against President Boris Yeltsin rally outside .
Notre-Dame-de-Courson is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Belleydoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Magister Artium , Magister in Artibus , or Master of Arts degree is an academic degree of medieval origin which has later acquired different characteristics at different universities and in different educational systems .
The laryngeal prominence is usually more prominent in adult men than in women or prepubescent children .
Le Pin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Heuringhem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
David Benjamin James ( born 1 August 1970 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire ) is an English professional goalkeeper of Dominican descent who currently plays for English Premier League club Portsmouth and the England national team .
There are three named craters on the surface of Puck , the largest being about 45 km in diameter .
Cantonal Portal Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
There , in December of the same year , Hannibal had an opportunity to show his superior military skill at Trebia ; after wearing down the excellent Roman infantry he cut it to pieces by a surprise attack from an ambush in the flank .
Glen 's MySpace site with blog , photos and information on any upcoming tour dates .
Besides chimpanzees , primates inhabiting Gombe Stream include beachcomber olive baboons , red-tailed monkeys and vervet monkeys .
Plot Napoleon Dynamite is a gawky high school student from who lives with his grandmother , his elder brother Kip and their pet llama , Tina .
There were many ways in which people had died .
The video to accompany it was recorded and produced by M Industries .
Natalia Marisa Oreiro Iglesias ( born May 19 , 1977 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Latin Grammy-nominated Uruguayan singer and actress of Galician origin , who developed most of her career in Argentina .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , where he wrestles on the Raw brand as Skip Sheffield , but is currently inactive due to an injury .
The observatory is located on the Gold Coast , Queensland at Reedy Creek , Queensland , a suburb with post code 4228 and located at .
It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Province of Liege .
Miami Heat ( 1996 -- 2001 )
Martorell was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue , leading to a colleague , MartÃ Joan de Galba , finishing the novel .
Carlos Vicente Tenorio Medina ( born May 14 , 1979 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Emirati club Al-Nasr .
He is a center back and currently plays for the J-league team Urawa Red Diamonds .
Prawns are Decapods , belonging to the sub-order Dendrobranchiata .
In cartilagenous and ray-finned fish the spleen is normally a somewhat elongated organ , consisting primarily of red pulp , with only a small amount of white pulp .
It is on the border with Baden-Württemberg in Germany , and half way between Opfertshofen , Switzerland and Büsslingen , Germany , on the Swiss Hauptstrasse from Thayngen to Büsslingen .
It 's On ( Dr. Dre ) 187um Killa is an EP by rapper Eazy-E released in 1993 .
It stood approximately 45 meters ( 135 ft ) in height , and each of the four sides was adorned with sculptural reliefs created by each one of four Greek sculptors -- Leochares , Bryaxis , Scopas of Paros and Timotheus .
Turgenev occasionally visited England , and in 1879 the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law was conferred upon him by the University of Oxford .
'' Summertime '' ( The Maybes ?
'' meme '' at The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language : Fourth Edition , 2000 Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogs to genes , in that they self-replicate and respond to selective pressures .
In English , most non-technical use of superiors is archaic .
In the United States , a CFL has a higher purchase price than an incandescent lamp , but can save over US$ 40 in electricity costs over the lamp 's lifetime .
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the US Grand Prix , finishing in 8th place and therefore becoming the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point .
History The area is very rich in archaeological remains due to its strategic location .
The brand later expanded to the United States under an Americanised version of the name : Dannon .
As people get older , some will lose this ability to adjust the focus .
The zoo is set in a natural bushland environment where paths wind through different habitat areas showcasing wallabies , wombats , dingoes , kangaroos , and over 200 native bird varieties .
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
Contemporary skepticism ( or scepticism ) is loosely used to denote any questioning attitude , See R. H. Popkin , The History of Skepticism from Erasmus to Descartes ( rev. ed .
He was capped by Italy 44 times , scoring two goals for the Italian national team , and played for them in the Euro 1996 and 1998 World Cup .
In September 1979 , the school could at last move into the 24-classroom premises in Wo Che Estate .
and one million bytes ( 106 , see prefix mega - ) generally for computer storage .
Geography Loire-Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan , Ille-et-Vilaine , Maine-et-Loire , and Vendée , with the Atlantic on the west .
It uses the force of gravity ( in the form of weighted bars , dumbbells or weight stacks ) to oppose the force generated by muscle through concentric or eccentric contraction .
Clarke County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Izvoarele Sucevei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County , Romania .
Roberto Mussi ( born 25 August 25 1963 ) is a former Italian football ( soccer ) player in defender role , centre-back or right-back .
Arachne , refusing to bow to Athena , hanged herself : â Nor could Arachne take such punishment : She 'd rather hang herself than bow her head .
World Poverty and Human Rights : Cosmopolitan Responsibilities and Reforms is a 2002 book by Thomas Pogge .
It in 1961 played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem , and thereafter finally received through a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta .
The seat of the district is the town of Echallens .
By the time of World War I , governance was again a pressing concern .
Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner .
The name of the settlement was called Cennrigmonaid ( Old Irish for '' head of the King 's monad '' ) for the memory of Túathalán , abbot of '' Cennrígmonaid '' around 746AD .
It is an SOV language and has two tones .
The following season , Thompson again appeared in all of the Bruins ' 44 games , posting three shutouts and a 2.19 goals-against average .
'' Benward & Saker (/O2003/O) .
Size Boston Terriers are typically small , compactly built , well proportioned dogs with erect ears , short tails , and a short muzzle that should be free of wrinkles .
The first woman to conduct the orchestra was Australian conductor Simone Young in January 2005 .
History From 1987 to 1992 , it was branded Diamond 95.5 .
In descending order of population , Oklahoma 's largest cities in 2007 were : Oklahoma City ( 547,274 ) , Tulsa ( 384,037 ) , Norman ( 106,707 ) , Lawton ( 91,568 ) , Broken Arrow ( 90,714 ) , Edmond ( 78,226 ) , Midwest City ( 55,935 ) , Moore ( 51,106 ) , Enid ( 47,008 ) , and Stillwater ( 46,976 ) .
Caesar or Cæsar may refer to :
Hedgehogs feed on insects , snails , frogs and toads , snakes , bird eggs , carrion , mushrooms , grass roots , berries , melons , and watermelons .
Finnix A small system administration Live CD that is available for multiple architectures .
Spurgeon 's church used no instruments in their music .
Animals is a concept album by Pink Floyd , released on 23 January 1977 , in the United Kingdom by Harvest Records and on 2 February 1977 in the United States by Columbia Records .
Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau , Switzerland , essentially consisting of the upper Fricktal valley in the Aargau Jura south of the Rhine .
In support of Blackwater Park , Opeth embarked on its first world tour , headlined Europe for the first time , and made an appearance at the 2001 Wacken Open Air festival in Germany , playing to a crowd of 60,000 .
Funnel clouds form most frequently in association with supercell thunderstorms .
Ferdinand is the most distant known satellite of Uranus .
Vengeance grossed over $ 400,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 6,800 and received 320,000 pay-per-view buys , which helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $ 21.6 million compared to the previous year .
Administrative Units of District Abbottabad
__ NOTOC __
A complex number , in mathematics , is a number comprising a real number part and an imaginary number part ; it can be written in the form a + bi , where a and b are real numbers , and i is the standard imaginary unit , having the property that i2 = -1 .
The church 's motto is '' God 's in his Heaven , All 's right with the world '' .
inutul Timi , a former administrative unit of Romania
Mission may refer to :
The plants used in topiary are evergreen , mostly woody , have small leaves or needles , produce dense foliage , and have compact and\/or columnar ( e.g. fastigiate ) growth habits .
Track listing All tracks composed by Stephen Lynch .
Romero made a third entry in his '' Dead Series '' with Day of the Dead ( 1985 ) .
Epicurus was an atomic materialist , following in the steps of Democritus .
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance , California USA , spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street , a short distance west of Western Avenue .
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots ( some individuals lack these spots ) .
The epicentre was at 23.85 N latitude , 120.82 E longitude , southwest of Sun Moon Lake , near the town of Jiji , Nantou .
On April 8 , 1955 , veteran journalist Edward R. Murrow interviewed Greene and his wife Amy , as well as Monroe , at the Greenes ' home in Connecticut on a live telecast of the CBS program Person to Person .
Origins of Ibanez and the Lawsuit Models Ibanez Register - Gallery of past and present Ibanez guitars and basses .
It provides a number of features not present in Excel , including a system that automatically defines series for graphing based on the layout of the user 's data .
Founded by the Lascaris family , it lasted from 1204 to 1261 .
Latin , however , superseded Etruscan completely , leaving only a few documents and a few loanwords in Latin e.g. , persona from Etruscan ersu , and some place-names , such as Roma .
Palk strait , between Tamil Nadu state in India and Sri Lanka , the location of Ram Sethu and rich in natural resources .
As a result , a fleet of Royal Naval warships and tug-boats were employed to act as a deterrent against any future harassment of British fishing crews by the Icelandic craft .
Domitian was the third and last emperor of the Flavian dynasty .
Rosignano Marittimo borders the following municipalities : Castellina Marittima , Cecina , Collesalvetti , Livorno , Orciano Pisano , Santa Luce .
Quedlinburg ( ) is a town located north of the Harz mountains , in the district of Harz in the west of Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
Fischer described as '' chess legend Bobby Fischer '' At age 13 Fischer played and won a '' brilliancy '' that became known as the Game of the Century .
Convection increased and a broad area of low pressure developed on September 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the YucatÃ n Peninsula .
Its purpose is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin D , as well as to determine light\/dark cycles , and help with thermoregulation .
They are native to the hot and dry ( arid ) parts of North America , Central America , South America , and the West Indies .
They travel together and when they stop at a grocery store , they meet two sisters , '' Wichita '' ( Emma Stone ) and '' Little Rock '' ( Abigail Breslin ) .
In 1854 , Florence Nightingale left for the Crimean War , where triage was used to separate seriously wounded soldiers from the less-seriously wounded was observed .
Oliver Postgate ( 12 April 1925 â '' 8 December 2008 ) was an English animator , puppeteer and writer .
Karolina Sofia Bock née Richter , ( August 28 1792-1872 ) , was a Swedish dancer , actor and singer .
The Seven Years ' War was a global military conflict between 1756 and 1763 , involving most of the great powers of the time affecting North and Central America , Europe , the West African coast , India and the Philippines .
The equality sign , equals sign , or '' = '' is a mathematical symbol used to indicate equality .
Kupwara District is located in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Identical general purpose registers , allowing any register to be used in any context , simplifying compiler design ( although normally there are separate floating point registers ) ;
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of gentile Christianity .
At the time , its rain bands began interacting with a cold front associated with a well-developed low west of Norway , dropping up to 113 mm ( 4.4 in ) of precipitation in the northwestern Netherlands . Consequently , streets and homes in the village of Hippolytushoef were reportedly inundated .
Erich Wasicky ( * May 27 , 1911 in Vienna , Austria ; † May 28 , 1947 in Landsberg ) was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp and in charge of the killing of large numbers of victims by gas according to Action T4 which corresponds to euthanasia .
The club has played in the Primera División of La Liga since its start in 1928 .
In a discussion supplied by the National Hurricane Center , it stated that Omar may have peaked as a minimal Category 4 early that morning .
Some definitions Definitions specific to subfields are common .
Le Mesnil-Simon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The moon was discovered by British astronomer William Lassell on October 10 , 1846 , just 17 days after Neptune itself was discovered by German astronomers Johann Gottfried Galle and Heinrich Louis d'Arrest .
He currently plays for German club Schalke 04 , in the Bundesliga .
Sewage treatment generally involves three stages , called primary , secondary and tertiary treatment .
His election as mayor made Berlin one of three major European cities with an openly gay mayor , along with Paris , whose mayor is Bertrand DelanoÃ '' , and Hamburg , whose mayor was Ole von Beust at that time , who both also took office in 2001 .
May 21 & ndash ; Treaty of Troyes : With the Burgundian faction dominant in France , King Charles VI of France acknowledges Henry V of England as his heir and as virtual ruler of most of France .
In 1976 , Pavarotti debuted at the Salzburg Festival , appearing in a solo recital on 31 July , accompanied by pianist Leone Magiera .
The Mustelidae are a diverse family and the largest in the order Carnivora , at least partly because this family has in the past been a catch-all category for many early or poorly differentiated taxa .
The First Republic , dominated from the late 1920s by the Catholic nationalist Christian Social Party ( CS ) , gradually disintegrated from 1933 ( dissolution of parliament and ban of the Austrian National Socialists ) to 1934 ( Austrian Civil War in February and ban of all remaining parties except the CS ) .
Born in Walthamstow in East London , Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College , Oxford .
Chemnitz is one of the three Direktionsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony , Germany , located in the south-west of the state .
About 70 % of the population live in the Greater Volos area , which is the second-largest city in Thessaly and the third busiest commercial port in Greece .
He travelled to Brittany in 1928 to study stone crosses and publish As Cruces de Pedra na Bretaña .
castle of Schloss Niederraunau
In the postwar era , Ballarat 's growth continued , expanding significantly to the northwest and an acute post war housing shortage was eased with the establishment of an extensive Housing Commission of Victoria estate on the former Ballarat Common ( today known as Wendouree West ) .
John Smith ( 13 September 1938 - 12 May 1994 ) was a British Labor Party politician who served as Leader of the Labor Party from July 1992 until his sudden death from a heart attack in May 1994 .
From Besal onwards visitors have to trek about 6 -- 8 hours in vast alpine meadows to reach the lake .
Though convection decreased early on August 21 , the area of low pressure remained well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21 .
A summary of extensive discussion should reflect the conclusions of the source .
The line attributed to both Matisse and Picasso that Cézanne '' is the father of us all '' can not be easily dismissed .
It became Lopez 's least commercially successful album to date selling 600,000 copies worldwide .
'' Sgt. Major '' - B-side to '' Rollover DJ '' , Bonus track in limited editions of Get Born
The capital of the district is Biasca .
Ultra Beatdown is the last studio album to feature the vocalist , ZP Theart .
Stephen I of Hungary invades Transylvania and organises the Diocese of Transylvania ( possible date ) .
I was a bit too old for Harry '' .
Bryan Robson OBE ( born 11 January 1957 ) is an English former football manager and a former player .
Marie-Ad Ã laÃ de was exiled to Spain , as was her sister-in-law Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans , the last princesse de CondÃ .
In the United Kingdom and Australia , timber is a term also used for sawn wood products ( that is , boards ) , whereas generally in the United States and Canada , the product of timber cut into boards is referred to as lumber .
The Wash shows as a large indentation in the coastline of the map of eastern England , separating the curved coast of East Anglia from Lincolnshire .
Today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy .
However radio signals may be carried by electromagnetic radiation ; the intensity of the radiation ( amplitude modulation ) or the frequency of the radiation ( frequency modulation ) is oscillated and then the individual oscillations are varied ( modulated ) to produce the signal .
History Beveridge was named after Scottish sheep farmer Andrew Beveridge who built the Hunters ' Tryste Inn in 1845 .
During this time at Cambridge , Dart was the most effective British supporter of the modern early music revival , in part through his influence on those who ultimately formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 23 , 1986 and was given the temporary designation S/1986 U 9 .
Duff 's early career started by making guest appearances on made for television movies such as Hope and True Women and on TV shows such as The Amanda Show .
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi ( SanskritÂ ' ) , born Mahesh Prasad Varma ( January 12 , 1914 â '' February 5 , 2008 ) developed the Transcendental Meditation technique and was the leader or '' guru '' of the TM movement , varyingly characterised as a '' Neo-Hindu '' new religious movement .
The act increased the area of Berlin 13-fold from 66 km ( 25.5 mi ) to 883 km ( 341 mi ) and the population doubled from approximately 1.9 million to near 4 million , with almost 1.2 million of these new inhabitants coming from the 7 surrounding towns alone .
The Montreal Canadiens hosted the 57th NHL All-Star Game at the Bell Centre on January 25 , 2009 , part of the Canadiens ' 100th season celebration .
He was a member of the Central Committee of the Arab Socialist Union from 1974 to 1977 .
Florence Leontine Mary Welch ( born ) is the daughter of Evelyn Welch , a Harvard-educated Professor of Renaissance Studies and Academic Dean of Arts at Queen Mary , University of London and Nick Welch , an advertising executive .
A sequel can lead to a series , in which key elements appear in a number of stories .
Upon questioning his wife , she revealed that it had rung while he was out of the room and someone was playing a bad joke on them by saying that he had won the Nobel prize .
The lunar phases vary cyclically as the Moon orbits the Earth , according to the changing relative positions of the Earth , Moon and Sun .
After Stratus pushed her away , James ' character made a complete heel turn by attacking Stratus in the ring and later vowing to destroy her .
For millennia , the main use of ferrets was for hunting , or ferreting .
4319 Jackierobinson ( 1981 ER14 ) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 1 , 1981 by Schelte J. Bus at Siding Spring Observatory in the course of the U.K. Schmidt-Caltech Asteroid Survey .
The extract from the letter that the magazine printed was the only writing of Anning 's published in the scientific literature during her lifetime .
However , since 1952 there exists the American Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theatre : a genuine and prestigious award , named in honor of Siddons .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Karak The town of Takht-e-Nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil .
After the Renaissance consolidation of knowledge began to challenge some traditional doctrines in both science and theology , the Protestant Reformation began , as German priest Martin Luther attacked Papal authority .
The Murray River formed the Wiradjuri 's southern boundary , the change from woodland to open grassland formed their eastern boundary . ''
Many asteroids were also discovered at the observatory , including the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon , 2260 Neoptolemus , 2363 Cebriones , 2456 Palamedes , as well as the eponymous 3494 Purple Mountain .
Mani Ratnam ( ) ( born June 2 , 1956 in Madurai , Madras State , India ) is an Indian filmmaker , screenwriter and producer .
He is best known for his role as Brent Leroy on the CTV sitcom Corner Gas , which he also created .
For a general article on the state , see State ( polity ) .
NOW is a free weekly publication in Toronto , Canada .
The Letter of Jeremiah , also known as the Epistle of Jeremy , is a deuterocanonical ( or apocryphal ) book of the Old Testament ; this letter purports to have been written by Jeremiah to the Jews who were about to be carried away as captives to Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar .
Migration to Melbourne , particularly from overseas including Ireland and China , caused a massive population increase .
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann , who did not enjoy the best of starts at the Gelsenkirchen-based outfit under Rudi Gutendorf , but then gained more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career .
There are small Mandaean diaspora populations in Australia ( c. 3,500 as of 2006 ) , Canada , the USA ( c. 1,500 ) , the UK ( c. 1,000 ) and Sweden ( c. 5,000 ) .
Following the attack , Heyman announced that all ECW superstars would be at Raw the following week .
HMHS Britannic was the third and largest of the White Star Line .
Aartselaar ( old spelling : Aertselaer ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Haemophilia ( also spelled hemophilia in North America , from the Greek haima ` blood ' and philia ` love ' ) is a group of hereditary genetic disorders that impair the body 's ability to control blood clotting or coagulation , which is used to stop bleeding when a blood vessel is broken .
In : Hans Höger ( Hrsg . )
Finland , Turkey , and New Zealand ( as part of the team from Australasia ) made their first appearance at the Olympic Games .
The Concorde Agreement is a contract between the FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) , the Formula One teams ( currently represented by the Formula One Teams Association ( FOTA ) ) and the Formula One Administration which dictates the terms by which the teams compete in races and take their share of the television revenues and prize money .
Le Verguier is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
A gas giant ( sometimes also known as a Jovian planet after the planet Jupiter , or giant planet ) is a large planet that is not primarily composed of rock or other solid matter .
The Clarity Act ( known as Bill C-20 before it became law ) is legislation passed by the Parliament of Canada that established the conditions under which the Government of Canada would enter into negotiations that might lead to secession following such a vote by one of the provinces .
Azerbaijani or Azeri or Torki ( AzÉ rbaycanca , AzÉ rbaycan dili ) is a dialect belonging to the Turkic language family , spoken in southwestern Asia , primarily in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran . Azerbaijani is member of the Oghuz branch of the Turkic languages and is closely related to Turkish , Qashqai and Turkmen .
6936 = 2 ^ 3 times 3 times 17 ^ 2 , , !
Their variations help the audience to distinguish sex , age , and social status , in addition to revealing a change in a particular characterâ s appearance , e.g. Oedipus after blinding himself Unique masks were also created for specific characters and events in a play , such as The Furies in Aeschylusâ Eumenides and Pentheus and Cadmus in Euripidesâ The Bacchae .
Resourcing encompasses the deployment and manipulation of human resources , financial resources , technological resources , and natural resources .
Christchurch ( ) is the largest city in the South Island of New Zealand , and the country 's second-largest urban area .
1915 & ndash ; Ruth Warrick , American actress ( d. 2005 )
The key difference between DDR and DDR2 is that in DDR2 the bus is clocked at twice the rate of the memory cells , so four bits of data can be transferred per memory cell cycle .
Marklohe is a municipality in the district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Nai ( Romania , Moldova ) .
Sartene has given its name to one of the southern-Corsican dialects that are most like the sardinian Gallurese dialect .
Francisco Rubio
India is a transshipment point for heroin from Southwest Asian countries like Afghanistan and Pakistan and from Southeast Asian countries like Burma , Laos , and Thailand .
It was established to commemorate the Centenary of Federation of Australia and to honor people who have made a contribution to Australian society or government .
For the short-lived NFL team , see 1928 Detroit Wolverines ( NFL ) season .
Prato allo Stelvio , Italian name for Prad am Stilfser Joch , a municipality in South Tyrol
Prentice Alvin (/O1989/O) - Nebula Award nominee , 1989 ; Locus Award winner , 1990 ; Hugo Award nominee , 1990
In front of the guillotine , he exclaimed '' Coraggio cuginiâ '' evviva l' anarchia ! ''
The county contains portions of two lakes : Lake James along its western border with McDowell County and Lake Rhodhiss along its northeastern border with Caldwell County .
The House of Gucci , better known simply as Gucci , is an Italian fashion and leather goods label , part of the Gucci Group , which is owned by French company Pinault-Printemps-Redoute ( PPR ) .
It is the seventh game by Mönkkönen , but only the fifth to be released fully in English .
In this first systematic treatise on glass , he again refers to the use of lead glass in enamels , glassware , and for the imitation of precious stones . Christopher Merrett translated this into English in 1662 ( The Art of Glass ) , paving the way for the production of English lead crystal glass by George Ravenscroft .
This pizza is cooked in long , rectangular baking pans and relatively thick ( 1 -- 2 cm ) .
One is a runt so John Arable decides to '' do away with it '' .
Nappanee is located at .
She was married at the age of 14 , on 10 May 1612 , to Prince Khurram , who would later ascend the Peacock Throne as Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan I. Though betrothed to Shah Jahan in 1607 , she ultimately became his third wife , in 1612 , and was his favorite .
Pope Innocent XI forms a Holy League with the Habsburg Empire , Venice and Poland to end the Ottoman Turkish rule in Europe .
Lady Margaret Beaufort ( 31 May 1443 -- 29 June 1509 ) , Countess of Richmond and Derby , was the mother of King Henry VII and grandmother of King Henry VIII of England .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia , and the oldest in Victoria .
It , along with the film , features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis ' own feature films .
He founded Al-Fatiha in 1998 and served as its President until stepping down in 2004 .
On the former wine-producing Erlasee estate near Arnstein in Bavaria , in southern Germany , Solon SE has constructed what is currently the largest tracking photovoltaic solar power station in the world with an output of 12 MW .
However , when Gabriel grinds his gun into McClane 's wound , McClane fires it through his own shoulder and into Gabriel , killing him .
Alessandro Pistone ( born July 27 , 1975 in Milan ) is a former Italian footballer .
Intervals between eruptions can range from 45 to 125 minutes , averaging 66.5 minutes in 1939 , slowly increasing to an average of 90 minutes apart today .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
Robert Dyas was bought in March 2004 by Change Capital Partners a private buyout firm headed by former M&S chairman Luc Vandevelde .
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system .
The pan and the stirring implement , if kept in constant motion , will create small and soft curds .
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Mercury was found in Egyptian tombs that date from 1500 BC It was also known to the ancient Chinese .
An area of disturbed weather east of the Windward Islands was designated Tropical Depression Six on August 31 .
Jeu de paume was originally a French precursor of lawn tennis played without racquets .
Operator types In many IRC networks , IRCops have different types of access on a network .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
Drusus Caesar , son of Germanicus and Agrippina the elder ( d. 33 )
Semi-protection prevents editing by unregistered contributors and contributors with accounts which are not .
Osaka was opened to foreign trade by the government of the Bakufu at the same time as Hy go ( modern Kobe ) on 1 January 1868 , just before the advent of the Boshin war and the Meiji restoration .
There are three official variants : pizza marinara , which is made with tomato , garlic , oregano and extra virgin olive oil ( although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara ) , pizza Margherita , made with tomato , sliced mozzarella , basil and extra-virgin olive oil , and pizza Margherita extra made with tomato , mozzarella from Campania in fillets , basil and extra virgin olive oil .
The couple resided in Bombay , and frequently traveled across India and Europe .
Sometimes these numbers are lower and in the case of having only two or three grandparents sibling or half-sibling incest would be incorporated .
Emergency reporting Under the Broadcast Act , NHK is under the obligation to broadcast early warning emergency reporting in times of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis .
8 milliseconds -- 1\/125 of a second (/O125/O) , a standard camera shutter speed ; fastest shifting time of a car 's mechanical transmission
The Bugatti Veyron has a total of ten radiators .
His best known work , for the 1971 blaxploitation film Shaft , earned Hayes an Academy Award for Best Original Song ( the first Academy Award received by an African-American in a non-acting category ) and two Grammy Awards .
Studies in the fly Drosophila melanogaster suggest that if a mutation changes a protein produced by a gene , this will probably be harmful , with about 70 percent of these mutations having damaging effects , and the remainder being either neutral or weakly beneficial .
The winning team receives the Vince Lombardi Trophy , named after the coach of the Green Bay Packers , who won the first two Super Bowl games and three of the five preceding NFL championships in 1961 , 1962 , and 1965 .
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter , often with slightly nippled ends , and is usually sold quite green , although it yellows as it reaches full ripeness .
He was drafted by the Tennessee Oilers in the fourth round of the 1997 NFL Draft . He played college football at Michigan State .
The spacecraft was placed into low Earth orbit for testing .
The species is also hunted frequently for its skin and meat , and the eggs are often harvested for human consumption .
It shares the same bodyshell and core structure as the Turbostar , which is in turn the most common post-privatisation diesel multiple unit ( DMU ) family , and both evolved from the Class 168 Clubman design by ADtranz .
Dame Jane Morris Goodall , DBE ( born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934 ) , is a British primatologist , ethologist , anthropologist , and UN Messenger of Peace .
The defeat of the federal Labor government in March 1996 prompted Kennett to call an early state election three weeks later , at which Labor lost heavily , with a net gain of two seats .
She was a student of Maurice Denis and Paul Sérusier .
Orsingen-Nenzingen is a town in the district of Konstanz in Baden-W ürttemberg in Germany .
PeÃ a Boulevard , a freeway in Denver and neighboring Aurora connecting Denver International Airport to Interstate 70 , is named for him .
The film was released in North America on September 30 , 2005 by Universal Pictures .
Two years later , Metric released their second studio album , Live It Out , on October 4 , 2005 .
The receiving partner lies on their back with legs apart , while the penetrating partner lies on top .
The album was released on March 3 , 1986 through Elektra Records and was met with high critical reception .
It was farmed and eaten by the ancient Romans ( usually as a snack ) , hence the word edible in its name .
She married Enrique Rousseau shortly thereafter .
On 13 April , with her suite much diminished , Marie-Louise and the three-year-old King of Rome were back in Rambouillet where they met her father , the Emperor Francis II of Austria , and the Emperor Alexander I of Russia .
There is one other confirmed bunker , a '' Remote Receiving station '' , in Bankstown .
DDT was completely banned in Canada in 1989 , though its use had been highly restricted since the late 1970s .
Yoshi is the initial protagonist , and the game is the character 's first appearance that allowed players to control him without Mario .
The June birth flower is the rose , or the honeysuckle , as roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout June .
Rudolf II 11 March 1356 6 December 1370 Son of Rudolf I.
He graduated in sociology at The Polytechnic , Regent Street , ( now the University of Westminster ) where he campaigned to establish its Students ' Union and became its first elected President , a sabbatical post , in 1966 .
The Emirate of Granada was established in 1228 , after the Almohad dynasty was defeated by the Christians at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa .
At the time , Hurricane Mitch was the strongest Atlantic hurricane observed in the month of October , though it has since been surpassed by Hurricane Wilma of the 2005 season .
Grandrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach ( 8 March 1714 & ndash ; 14 December 1788 ) was a German musician and composer , the second of three sons of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach .
Social and cultural aspects of the Brussels Treaty were handed to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication of responsibilities within Europe .
Mont Ventoux ( in classical norm or in Mistralian norm ) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
On the February 16 episode of Raw , Shawn Michaels challenged John '' Bradshaw '' Layfield ( JBL ) to a match the following week , with the winner advancing to WrestleMania to challenge The Undertaker to attempt to end his undefeated streak at the event .
Altenburger Land Altkirchen Dobitschen Drogen Göhren Göllnitz Großröda Lumpzig Mehna1 Starkenberg 2 .
Mopti Region is bordered by Tomboctou Region to the north , Ségou Region to the southwest , and Burkina Faso to the southeast .
Russia shares borders with the following countries ( from northwest to southeast ) : Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland ( both via Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , the People 's Republic of China , Mongolia , and North Korea .
The Cascade Volcanoes ( also known as the Cascade Volcanic Arc or the Cascade Arc ) are a number of volcanoes in a volcanic arc in western North America , extending from southwestern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to Northern California , a distance of well over 700 mi ( 1,100 km ) .
The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary , Truro is an Anglican cathedral located in the city of Truro , Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
The German Democratic Republic was proclaimed on 7 October 1949 with the adoption of a new constitution , establishing a political system similar to that of the Soviet Union .
Nepenthes usually produce two types of pitchers , known as leaf dimorphism .
Connochaetes includes two species , both native to Africa : the black wildebeest , or white-tailed gnu ( C. gnou ) , and the blue wildebeest , or brindled gnu ( C. taurinus ) .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
The policy was enacted by the Tokugawa shogunate under Tokugawa Iemitsu through a number of edicts and policies from 1633-1639 and remained in effect until 1853 with the arrival of Commodore Matthew Perry and the opening of Japan .
The Dominican Republic national football team is the national team of Dominican Republic and is controlled by the FederaciÃ n Dominicana de FÃ tbol .
She made her Metropolitan Opera in New York debut in November 1953 as Susanna in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro and appeared there for only one season ( 1953-54 ) , in five performances of the part of Susanna .
Uruk is eponymous of the Uruk period , the protohistoric Chalcolithic to Early Bronze Age period in the history of Mesopotamia spanning ca .
None of the existing versions of the libretto , printed or manuscript , can be definitively tied to the first performance at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo , the precise date of which is unknown .
Processing is done by general-purpose computers or by digital circuits such as ASICs , field-programmable gate arrays or specialized digital signal processors ( DSP chips ) .
Paulo Sérgio Silvestre do Nascimento ( born 2 June 1969 ) , commonly known as Paulo Sérgio is an former Brazilian footballer .
Calcio Catania is an Italian football club founded in 1908 and based in Catania , Sicily .
Live performances Live performances of '' Fell on Black Days '' can be found on the '' Black Hole Sun '' and '' Fell on Black Days '' singles .
His early childhood years were spent in the village .
Bernay-en-Champagne ( formerly Bernay ) is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Applications The study of pulsars has resulted in many applications in physics and astronomy .
The center of population of Oklahoma is located in Lincoln County , in the town of Sparks [ ] .
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and is served by Inverurie railway station on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line .
That is to say , there is at least one whole day during which the sun does not set , and at least one whole day during which the sun does not rise .
He spent the balance of his career at Columbia University where he was successively adjunct professor of biology ( 1891 -- 94 ) , professor of invertebrate zoology ( 1894 -- 1897 ) , and professor of zoology ( from 1897 ) .
With this , the town underwent significant industrialization , ultimately becoming a major center for heavy industry and manufacturing .
1944 & ndash ; WWII : 168 captured allied airmen , including Phil Lamason , accused of being '' terror fliers '' , arrive at Buchenwald concentration camp .
As a nightshade , it is closely related to the tomato and potato and is native to India and Sri Lanka .
He later used paint pouring as one of several techniques on canvases of the early 1940s , such as '' Male and Female '' and '' Composition with Pouring I. '' After his move to Springs , he began painting with his canvases laid out on the studio floor , and he developed what was later called his '' drip '' technique .
German TV-Station Bayerischer Rundfunk broadcasts his show Schuhbecks since 1993 .
In June 1961 , Motown issued Gaye 's first album , The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye compromising Gaye 's jazz interests with a couple of R&B songs .
This conversion is known as tin disease or tin pest .
Saint-L Ã on is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Festival in Gøta in July and Summarfestivalurin in Klaksvík in August .
Introducing a new cultivar may mean change in the planting rate , adjusting the planter , harvester , dryer , cleaner , sheller , and method of marketing .
The Nazis left the country on 25 April 1945 .
In publishing and graphic design , lorem ipsum ( ( # References ( p ) ) ) is placeholder text ( filler text ) commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation , such as font , typography , and layout . The lorem ipsum text is typically a section of a Latin text by Cicero with words altered , added and removed that make it nonsensical in meaning and not proper Latin .
Jan JÃ nsson ( born 24 May 1960 ) is a former Swedish football player , currently a football coach for Rosenborg .
HÃ zecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Henry Jaynes Fonda ( May 16 , 1905 -- August 12 , 1982 ) was an American film and stage actor .
The working title of this film during production was Oliver and the Dodger .
The archerfish ( Spinner Fish or Archer Fish ) are a family ( Toxotidae ) of fish known for their habit of preying on land based insects and other small animals by literally shooting them down with water droplets from their specialized mouths .
Eastern Armenia was the portion of Ottoman Armenia and Persian Armenia that was ceded to the Russian Empire following the Russo-Turkish War , 1828-1829 .
Oakland Athletics ( -- )
Previously they were only available in single DVD ` volumes ' .
Mating takes place in the afternoon to early evening , and egg-laying begins at night .
Rafael Castellín Osuna (/O1997/O)
Michael Hordy ( born October 10 , 1956 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played eleven games in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders .
The written history of China can be found as early as the Shang Dynasty ( ca .
Tangled Up was mostly praised by contemporary music critics upon its release .
He has been usually regarded as one of the greatest thinkers in so-called '' Practical Learning '' ( silhak ) .
D. from Yale University in 1947 .
The Gaelic language remains strong in some areas , the landscapes have inspired a variety of artists , and there is a diversity of wildlife .
Uses Duroplast was used by Eastern European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the mass-produced Trabant motor car .
Most Christians ( Roman Catholics , Eastern Orthodox , Eastern Rite and Protestants alike ) accept the use of creeds , and subscribe to at least one of the creeds mentioned above .
Although the crystal semiconductor diode was popular before the thermionic diode , thermionic and solid state diodes were developed in parallel .
For I do naught that deserves censure , and I care not for what is reported falsely .
Robson revealed on 6 May 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time .
Institutional Revolutionary Party ( Partido Revolucionario Institucional , PRI ) : a center-left party that ascribes to social democracy , founded in 1929 to unite all the factions of the Mexican Revolution .
Sixteen developed out of a strong tropical disturbance off the eastern coast of Nicaragua on October 13 .
M&M 's ( named after the surnames of the company founders ) Inventor of the Week Archive ) are dragée - like '' colorful button-shaped candies '' produced by Mars , Incorporated .
Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Ã ric Sylvain Abidal ( born 11 September 1979 ) is a French footballer of Martiniquan descent who currently plays as a left or central defender for FC Barcelona and the French national team .
The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat at dissolution on 11 April 2005 .
1940 & ndash ; Winter War : Finland signs the Moscow Peace Treaty with the Soviet Union , ceding almost all of Finnish Karelia .
Compatibility FreeBASIC is a successor to the QuickBASIC programming language .
Salt licks Porcupines in search of salt sometimes encroach on human habitats , eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate , certain paints , and tool handles , footwear , clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat .
The Missa in Angustiis ( '' Mass for troubled times '' ) or '' Nelson Mass '' ( Hob .
Year 499 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .
The Paralympic Games are a major international multi-sport event where athletes with a physical disability compete ; this includes athletes with mobility disabilities , amputations , blindness , and Cerebral Palsy .
Hesperornis were preyed upon by large marine carnivores .
Doogal was poorly received by critics , and did poorly in the box-office , grossing $ 7 million dollars and getting 7 % on Rotten Tomatoes .
The reaction forms hydrogen gas and lithium hydroxide in aqueous solution .
A motto may be in any language , but Latin is the most used .
Not all trees have all the plant organs or parts mentioned above .
With the votes split three ways , Courtney was blindsided 3-2-1 .
Although she denies she is experiencing postpartum depression , Jenny exhibits all the symptoms , including a growing impatience with Marley and John , who asks Sebastian to care for the dog when Jenny insists they give him away . She quickly comes to realize he has become an indispensable part of the family and agrees he can stay .
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
See also Mario 's Picross , another Picross game made by Nintendo and Jupiter .
A redundant bit may be a complex function of many original information bits .
DrÄ goteÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,630 people .
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm had also been released at the end of August 2005 in the UK .
Maluku is one of the first provinces of Indonesia , proclaimed in 1945 until 1999 , when the Maluku Utara and Halmahera Tengah Regencies were split off as a separate province of North Maluku .
It is built on the site of a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station , RAF Silverstone , which opened in 1943 .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN recognizes this as the proper authority .
The endorsement test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an endorsement of religion , thus violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
Hayam Wuruk , Javanese ruler ( d. 1389 )
April & ndash ; First Barons ' War : Prince Louis of France , the future King Louis VIII , invades England .
Of all the songs in the album , '' Strutter '' , '' Nothin ' to Lose '' , '' Deuce '' , '' Cold Gin '' , '' Black Diamond '' , and '' 100,000 Years '' remain as permanent staples in the band 's shows throughout the years .
Peace Corps After completing her medical internship , Jemison joined the staff of the Peace Corps and served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer from 1983 to 1985 responsible for the health of Peace Corps Volunteers serving in Liberia and Sierra Leone .
For this reason , the lines were electrified at 630 V DC fourth rail , the electricity being generated at the LNWR 's power station in Stonebridge Park .
The covalent radius , rcov , is a measure of the size of an atom that forms part of one covalent bond .
Generally , surface water works its way down to an average depth of around where it contacts hot rocks .
King 's Lynn is the third largest settlement in Norfolk , after the city of Norwich and the town of Great Yarmouth .
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book by Edward F. Kelly , Emily Williams Kelly , Adam Crabtree , Alan Gauld , Michael Grosso , and Bruce Greyson .
Retrieved 28 April 2010 .
Later organizational changes , the latest of which was in 1975 , added the towns of Lünen , Schwerte , Selm and Werne to form the district as it is today .
He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .
For sub-national entities called states , see Federated state .
Applications GMR has been used extensively in the read heads in modern hard drives and magnetic sensors .
In February 1909 , Rasputin sent the imperial children a telegram , advising them to '' Love the whole of God 's nature , the whole of His creation in particular this earth .
The village itself was totally destroyed by fire .
For the language , see M ori language .
He was the eldest son of Cleopatra VII , and the only known son of Julius Caesar , for whom he was named .
Smil , V/O. The Earth 's Biosphere : Evolution , Dynamics , and Change , p. 269
Henry VII ( ; 28 January 1457 -- 21 April 1509 ) was King of England and Lord of Ireland from his seizing the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death on 21 April 1509 , as the first monarch of the House of Tudor .
177 , 1874 : '' The long rock-inscription of Hamamât . ''
Theognis seems to be hinting at a myth in which the jar contained blessings rather than evils .
Modern taiko was established in 1951 by Daihachi Oguchi .
The UBE ( Unrecoverable Bit Error ) rate is typically specified at 1 bit in 1015 for enterprise class disk drives ( SCSI , FC , SAS ) , and 1 bit in 1014 for desktop class disk drives ( IDE/ATA/PATA , SATA ) .
The Republic of Macedonia national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Macedonia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia .
Geography It is situated in the northeast of Berlin .
Her mind is put at ease by the playing of the children , and their singing of the nursery rhyme '' Tom , Tom , the Piper 's Son '' .
Military chocolate has been a part of standard United States military ration since the original Ration D or D ration bar of 1937 .
Many people know Reims for its cathedral , Notre-Dame de Reims , formerly the place of coronation of the kings of France .
Indian almond or Tropical almond , also known as the Umbrella tree
This is best documented among Osage and Quapaw Indian tribes of Missouri and Arkansas .
Elemental sulfur crystals are commonly sought after by mineral collectors for their brightly colored polyhedron shapes .
This is a dimensionless quantity ( i.e. , a pure number , without units ) equal to the molar mass divided by the molar mass constant .
Measurements are from recent imagery , generally supplemented with Russian 1:200,000 scale topographic mapping as well as Jerzy Wala , Orographical Sketch Map : Karakoram : Sheets 1 & 2 , Swiss Foundation for Alpine Research , Zurich , 1990 .
He began writing in 1967 .
Kepler 's mathematics , cosmological , philosophical and historical views have been extensively analyzed in books and journal articles , though his astrological work -- and its relationship to his astronomy -- remains understudied .
The actual phyllogenetic position of Westlothiania is uncertain , reflecting the uncertainty of labyrinthodont phylogeny in general .
Danish Prabha Shanker Kaneria ( born 16 December 1980 , Karachi , Pakistan ) , is a Pakistani cricketer ( leg spin bowler ) . Danish Kaneria has continued the tradition of great Pakistani leg spin bowlers and possesses a very well disguised googly .
Historically the county town was Abingdon , but in 1867 the town of Reading -- by then much larger -- superseded Abingdon in this role . In 1974 local government reorganisation moved Abingdon and several other north-west Berkshire towns into Oxfordshire .
John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , Prince of Mindelheim , KG , PC ( 26 May 1650 -- 16 June 1722 ) ( O. S ) , was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
Cheeks ( ) constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear .
TAM â '' TÃ xi AÃ reo MarÃ lia and TAM â '' Transportes AÃ reos Regionais were two different entities , although both belonged to the TAM Group .
'' If a part of the measure that is usually unstressed is accented , the rhythm is considered to be syncopated . ''
In 1969 , Sheldon wrote his first novel , The Naked Face , which earned him a nomination for the Edgar Allan Poe Award from the Mystery Writers of America in the category of Best First Novel .
Monty Burns , Homer 's greedy , evil boss
Repentance ( song ) , a song by Dream Theater
In Dead Like Me , the Grim Reaper is actually many '' Grim Reapers '' .
She won the first Women 's World Championship in 1927 and successfully defended her title six times in every other championship in her lifetime , and only lost one game , while winning 78 and drawing four games .
Some disk systems provide the capability of testing the battery periodically , however this leaves the system without a fully charged battery for several hours .
Babri Mosque was the subject of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
Neither request can be satisfied , so a deadlock occurs .
The town grew after the nation 's administrative centre moved from Bremersdorp ( now called Manzini ) in 1902 .
Since the introduction of the Smoking Ban in 2006 , slogans such as these are no longer needed .
Members of the genus Bison are large even-toed ungulates within the subfamily Bovinae .
Gale : 1987 ISBN : 081034419X pg 11 French novelist , playwright , poet , essayist , and political activist .
The station consists of four platforms , with two in an island format .
For the similar Latin American channel , see Warner Channel .
Dilawar Khan establishes the Malwa Sultanate in present-day northern India .
Typically , a cryptosystem consists of three algorithms : one for key generation , one for encryption , and one for decryption .
Crawford Wilson ( born June 19 , 1990 ) is an American actor and voice actor , from Memphis , Tennessee .
August & ndash ; The iconic painting The Black Madonna of Czestochowa is brought from Jerusalem to the Jasna Góra monastery in Poland .
The tool is by default included in all releases after Ubuntu 8.04 , and can be installed on Ubuntu 8.04 .
Derbyshire ( or ) is a county in the East Midlands of England .
It is in the eleventh and twelfth centuries that the first indications of devotion to the Sacred Heart are found .
It is located in Baltistan , in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan , and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range .
Cafiero spent over a year in Italy as a representative of Marx and Engels to hinder the influence of anarchism .
Following December to Dismember , Heyman was relieved from both his on and off air duties with World Wrestling Entertainment .
To make things worse , their flint is still underwater after their boat capsized while paddling to their new beach .
This template automatically creates the hidden for sorting purposes and then displays the date like this : July 4 , 1776 .
In 2007 the surviving members ( not including Glen Matlock ) re-recorded '' Anarchy in the U.K. '' for the video game Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock because the masters could not be found .
Disney Brings Its Own Miis , Achievements To The Nintendo DS All subsequent Disney Interactive Studios DS games are expected to include DGamer features .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Southampton Island is part of the Kivalliq Region in Nunavut , Canada .
Originally , the term gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber via Old French gingebras ) referred to preserved ginger .
While the History concentrates on the military aspects of the Peloponnesian War , it uses these events as a medium to suggest several other themes closely related to the war .
finance .
Microplate Readers ( also known as Plate readers ) are laboratory instruments designed to detect biological , chemical or physical events of samples in microtiter plates .
The value of 6.6 kg indicates a density of 1.3 Â 0.3 g\/cm3 .
Olympia is the capital city of the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County .
An old stand was demolished in April 1979 and a two-tiered replacement , costing Â # 1.7 m , was completed in December 1979 .
Cultural aspects The bat is sacred in Tonga and West Africa and is often considered the physical manifestation of a separable soul .
Late on October 12 , while the disturbance was situated well to the southwest of Puerto Rico , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) noted the possibility for tropical development once unfavorable winds subsided .
Helensburgh F.C. were a Scottish football club based in Helensburgh , a member of the Scottish Football League Third Division .
Like CD-R , CD-RW have hardcoded speed specifications which limit the allowable recording speeds to certain fairly restrictive ranges , but unlike the former they also have a minimum writing speed under which the disks can not be reliably recorded , something dictated by the phase change material 's heating and cooling time constants , and the required laser energy levels .
The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba ( RA ) to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar Pass .
The Essjay controversy related to a prominent Wikipedia administrator and salaried Wikia employee , Essjay ( later self-identified as Ryan Jordan ) .
St. Louis Rams ( -- )
Clegg 's first major elected position was as a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the East Midlands from 1999 to 2004 .
Madona is a town with town rights in the Vidzeme region of Latvia and is the center of the Madona municipality .
Michael J. Fox ( born June 9 , 1961 ) is a Canadian-American actor , author and voice over artist .
The Nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted German women to be as reproductive as possible .
The present-day territory was created in June 1870 , when the Hudson 's Bay Company transferred Rupert 's Land and North-Western Territory to the government of Canada .
Iris continued to the west and intensified . After passing just south of Jamaica , Iris reached Category 4 hurricane strength , and made landfall near Monkey River Town , Belize on October 9 at Category 4 strength , but weakened rapidly .
Caligula is a 1979 Italian\/American biographical film directed by Tinto Brass , with additional scenes filmed by Giancarlo Lui and Penthouse founder Bob Guccione .
Formed in 1992 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Currently , the largest known supergiants in terms of physical size , not mass , brightness or luminosity , are the supergiants KY Cygni , and Cephei ( the Garnet Star ) .
Founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals , Antioch eventually rivaled Alexandria as the chief city of the Near East and was a cradle of gentile Christianity .
Zak Starkey , ( born 13 September 1965 ) is an English drummer , well-known as the first child of The Beatles drummer Ringo Starr ( Richard Starkey ) and his first wife Maureen Cox .
The Corrs ' music is typically categorised as folk rock .
From 1964 to 1979 the RPO was engaged by Decca Records to record the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
A sequel , Wario Land II , was later released , with the character Captain Syrup returning as the antagonist .
The Feldkirch Poetry Award , in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis , started by Erika Kronabitter , an Austrian artist and writer , is granted annually by the theater Theater am Saumarkt in Feldkirch , Vorarlberg\/Austria .
Individuals born when the Sun was in this sign are considered Pisceans .
Differences with Debian The major differences between this distribution and basic Debian are a custom kernel with realtime patches applied , some pre-configuration and a custom package selection designed to meet the needs of creative desktop users .
On the night of the 25th he was able to procure a musket , and survived for a few days by robbing gardens and taking the food of Aboriginals after frightening them away with his gun .
Fundamental concepts One nanometer ( nm ) is one billionth , or 10 & minus ; 9 , of a meter .
Edinburgh is made the capital of Scotland .
Le Bouscat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In 1992 , Pearl Jam made television appearances on Saturday Night Live and MTV Unplugged and took a slot on that summer 's Lollapalooza tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , Soundgarden , and Ministry , among others .
His parents , who were farmers , died when McDowell was a youth .
In mathematics , an inequality is a statement about the relative size or order of two objects , or about whether they are the same or not ( See also : equality ) .
However , in 1852 , John Russell Hind wrote that '' it is universally termed Hygeia , the unnecessary appendage ` Borbonica ' being dropped . ''
Nobel Prize laureates affiliated with the institute include Max von Laue (/O1914/O) , Fritz Haber (/O1918/O) , James Franck (/O1925/O) , Otto Hahn (/O1944/O) , Eugene Wigner (/O1963/O) , Ernst Ruska (/O1986/O) , Gerhard Ertl (/O2007/O) .
The most spectacular edifice is Bridge 22 - the brick-built Chelfham Viaduct .
St. Lucie County is a county located in the state of Florida .
After entering the Western Pacific , the cyclone encountered a more favorable environment , resulting in Paka 's rapid intensification .
Super OS ( formerly : Super Ubuntu ) is a freely-available Linux distribution .
You may want to embark on an effort to fill the related categories with appropriate articles if this has not been done already ( or add it to the portal 's '' todo '' list so visitors can help out ) .
The 1951 -- 52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League .
A G-string ( alternatively gee-string or gee string ) is a type of underwear , a narrow piece of cloth , leather , or plastic , that covers or holds the genitals , passes between the buttocks , and is attached to a band around the hips , worn as swimwear or underwear by women and men .
Campello is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The show has had other names and other presenters , as detailed below .
Michael Gerard '' Mike '' Tyson ( born June 30 , 1966 ) is an American boxer .
Porpoises ( also called mereswine ) are small cetaceans of the family Phocoenidae ; they are related to whales and dolphins .
The shell Nautiluses are the sole living cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
After Iceland granted him citizenship , the Japanese authorities released him to that country , where he lived until his death in 2008 .
It is the third book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
Robert T. Bakker made A. yahnahpin the type species of a new genus , Eobrontosaurus in 1998 , so it is now properly Eobrontosaurus yahnahpin .
'' List of Oscars won in 1940 '' .
Many compositions include acoustic guitar interludes and strong dynamic shifts , as well as both growling and clean vocals .
Sinclair wrote the novel to highlight the plight of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century .
The large seeded Virginia Group peanuts are grown in the following US states : Virginia , North Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , and parts of Georgia .
Tehsils & Unions in the District of Sanghar - Government of Pakistan It is one of the agriculture town situated approximately 265 km from Karachi city .
The Kuwait National Football Team is the national team of Kuwait and is controlled by the Kuwait Football Association .
Chaillevois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
It featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown , and ECW brands .
It borders to the municipalities of Ellezelles ( to the west ) and Lessines ( to the east ) in the same province and to Brakel in the province of East Flanders , on the other side of the language border .
Bihor ( ; ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Cri ana , with capital city at Oradea .
Canadian Tire Corporation , Limited ( ) is one of Canada 's 35 largest publicly traded companies and operates an inter-related network of businesses engaged in retailing ( hardgoods , apparel and petroleum ) and services ( financial and automotive ) .
I really was not preparing myself for the future at all .
Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Many authorities consider him to have been the greatest attacking Grandmaster of all time .
From the 14th century it was a possession of Florence and the Grand Duchy of Tuscany until the unification of Italy in 1860 .
ISBN 0-486-41703-4 by Milton Sirotta ( 1929 -- 1980 ) , nephew of American mathematician Edward Kasner , when he was nine years old .
During this time it had moved east , then northeast , and then northwest .
The second match was the Money in the Bank ladder match between Rob Van Dam ( RVD ) , Shelton Benjamin , Ric Flair , Finlay , Bobby Lashley and Matt Hardy .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
Aigues-Vives is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
No Way Out (/O2009/O) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on February 15 , 2009 at the KeyArena in Seattle , Washington .
Damageplan was an American heavy metal supergroup from Dallas , Texas that formed in 2003 .
According to the 1421 theory , Zheng He 's fleets return to China .
The Games are regulated by Asian Games Federation ( AGF ) since the first Games in New Delhi , India until 1978 Games and commenced by Olympic Council of Asia ( OCA ) since 1982 after the dissolved of Asian Games Federation .
Since 2004 , Polish Flag Day is celebrated on May 2 .
If you disagree : Anyone except a page 's creator may contest the speedy deletion of a page by removing the deletion notice from the page .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
You tried to edit a section that does not exist .
The Secretary of War headed the war department throughout its existence .
Saral is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Some developers also specialize in certain types of games , such as computer role-playing games or first-person shooters .
Back up an entire system , including user data , to an installable Live CD/DVD .
Other words Other English words can be used to make grammatical sentences of this form , containing many consecutive repetitions .
Later , it assumed the name of Staffordshire Bull Terrier in England . These dogs began to find their way into America as early as 1870 , where they became known as the Pit Dog and Pit Bull Terrier , then the American Bull Terrier , and still later as the Yankee Terrier .
London Luton Airport ( previously called Luton International Airport ) is an international airport located east of the town center in the Borough of Luton in Bedfordshire , England and is north of Central London .
At mid-century , Claudin de Sermisy and Clément Janequin were composers of so-called Parisian chansons , which also abandoned the formes fixes and were in a simpler , more homophonic style , sometimes featuring music that was meant to be evocative of certain imagery .
The first main survey of the Hundred Rolls , an English census seen as a follow up to the Domesday Book completed in 1086 , is finished ; it began in 1274 .
On January 27 , the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 winter testing season at all and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race .
It is a classic example of the Gothic style of Normandy in its use of long straight vertical lines .
Partly from fear of losing her passport should she return to the USA , she settled permanently in China until her death in 1970 , publishing a '' Letter from China . ''
Established in 1538 , Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo ( UASD ) is the oldest university in the New World and is also the only public university in the city .
Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina , County Mayo , in 1944 , she is the daughter of two medical doctors .
Robert Mario De Niro , Jr. ( born August 17 , 1943 ) is an American actor , director , and producer .
Joanna Noëlle Blagden Levesque ( born December 20 , 1990 ) , professionally known as JoJo , is an American pop and R&B singer -- songwriter and actress .
The station is located adjacent to the Caulfield campus of Monash University , as well as Caulfield Racecourse .
Method Methods of unsafe abortion include : Trying to break the amniotic sac inside the womb with a sharp stick or wire ( for example a clothes hanger ) .
Although STE is regulated for use in the aerospace industry , other industries have used it as a basis for developing their own controlled English standards .
On 8 January 1825 they came to the end of their provisions , and for a few days subsisted on fish and a kangaroo they were able to shoot .
Late on July 17 , however , convection increased in association with the low , and the system quickly became better organized .
Newsweek used one of Winston Smith 's statements to argue that the rise in popularity of white nationalism and supremacy is due to the combination of the late-2000s recession and the election of a black president .
He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match , and over the following weeks , Kozlov would go on to easily win several matches , first against local talent and then established names including Colin Delaney , Funaki , Nunzio , Shannon Moore , Jimmy Wang Yang , Jamie Noble , and Domino .
On the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death .
The Suite Life of Zack and Cody In 2005 , Song got the role of the spoiled heiress London Tipton in the Disney Channel Original Series , The Suite Life of Zack & Cody .
Daughtry was born in Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina , and raised in Lasker , North Carolina , until he was 14 .
The two largest , Jupiter and Saturn , are composed mainly of hydrogen and helium ; the two outermost planets , Uranus and Neptune , are composed largely of ices , such as water , ammonia and methane , and are often referred to separately as '' ice giants '' .
They are descendants of the Trojan prince and refugee Aeneas , and are fathered by the god Mars or the demi-god Hercules on a royal Vestal Virgin , Rhea Silvia ( also known as Ilia ) , whose uncle exposes them to die in the wild .
Sainte-C Ã cile-les-Vignes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline were the most notable storms this year .
In May 1745 , Le Breton announced the work as available for sale , but to his dismay , Mills had not done the work he was commissioned to do ; in fact , he could barely read and write French and did not even own a copy of Cyclopaedia .
The largest percentage at 36.9 % make between $ 15,000 and $ 24,999 per year .
It was disappointing at the box office , opening outside the Top 10 at # 12 with $ 2.64 million for its first weekend , grossing less than $ 7 million overall during its entire theatrical run .
Under the Windows operating system , a file is regarded as a text file if the suffix of the name of the file ( the '' extension '' ) is '' txt '' .
Characteristics of Fraktur are :
Peter ( Pyotr ) Alexeyevich Kropotkin ( ) ( 9 December , 1842 - 8 February , 1921 ) was a geographer , a zoologist , and one of Russia 's foremost anarchists .
July 18 & ndash ; Tokhtamysh-Timur War : Battle of the Kondurcha River & ndash ; Timur defeats Tokhtamysh of the Golden Horde in present day southeast Russia .
By 1982 , Iraq was on the defensive and looking for ways to end the war .
The genus contains about 450 species , which are found mostly in the cooler areas of the Northern Hemisphere , although there are tropical species from areas as widely separated as Madagascar and Hawaii .
Archivists tend to prefer the term ` archives ' ( with an S ) as the correct terminology to serve as both the singular and plural , since ` archive , ' as a noun or a verb , has meanings related to computer science .
Mount Price , formerly known as Red Mountain , is a dormant stratovolcano located on the western shore of Garibaldi Lake in Garibaldi Provincial Park , about north of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Adiabatic compression or expansion more closely model real life when a compressor has good insulation , a large gas volume , or a short time scale ( i.e. , a high power level ) .
Abu Thabid II is succeeded in the same year by his brother , Abul Hadjdjadj I. Konrad von Jungingen succeeds Konrad von Wallenrode as Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights .
The Egyptian government continues to be controlled by rebel leader Berkuk .
The PasiphaÃ '' group is believed to have been formed when Jupiter captured an asteroid which subsequently broke up after a collision .
The National Air and Space Museum ( NASM ) of the Smithsonian Institution is a museum in Washington , D.C. , United States , and is the most popular of the Smithsonian museums .
Crémarest is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They were built by Metropolitan-Vickers in 1953 â '' 1954 for use over the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield .
The album features performances by Kirk Hammett , Chubb Rock , Chali 2na , Mos Def , Damian Marley , and Adam Levine .
Peter Fechter ( 14 January 1944 & ndash ; 17 August 1962 ) was a German bricklayer from Berlin in what became East Germany in 1945 , who , at the age of eighteen , became one of the first victims of the Berlin Wall 's border guards while trying to cross over to what was then West Berlin .
The piece was a winner of the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art 's '' Awards in the Visual Arts '' competition , which is sponsored in part by the National Endowment for the Arts , a United States Government agency that offers support and funding for artistic projects .
Jean FrÃ dÃ ric Bazille ( December 6 , 1841 â '' November 28 , 1870 ) was a French Impressionist painter whose major works often foreground the figure within a landscape painted en plein air .
'' A current list of liberal democracies includes : Andorra , Argentina , ... , Cyprus , ... , Israel , ... '' The Prime Minister serves as head of government and the Knesset serves as Israel 's legislative body .
Under the command of the Pir of Plasi Mohammed Ali Shah , they had fought against the Sikh Army in Balakot - the troops here were commanded by Seyed Shah Ismail Shahid and Syed Ahmad Shaheed ( known as '' The Martyrs '' ) .
Mythology In Greek mythology , Sagittarius is identified as a centaur , half human , half horse .
It is also the capital of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity , as well as the center of the Sarajevo Canton .
Elettaria ( commonly called cardamom , green cardamom , or true cardamom ) is distributed from India to Malaysia .
Its name means '' Hill of Elsa Valley '' , where '' Elsa '' is the name of the river which crosses it .
These movements are together referred to as the Radical Reformation .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
1920 & ndash ; The first commercial radio station , 8MK ( WWJ ) , begins operations in Detroit , Michigan .
Before entering West Point , Poe moved back to Baltimore for a time , to stay with his widowed aunt Maria Clemm , her daughter , Virginia Eliza Clemm ( Poe 's first cousin ) , his brother Henry , and his invalid grandmother Elizabeth Cairnes Poe .
Its capital is Lilongwe , the second largest city is Blantyre .
Elsewhere , Hurricane Rosa caused several casualties in Mexico as the basin 's lone landfalling tropical storm or hurricane .
James '' Jim '' ( or '' Jimmy '' ) Clark , Jr. . OBE ( 4 March 1936 â '' 7 April 1968 ) was a British Formula One racing driver from Scotland , who won two World Championships , in 1963 and 1965 .
Seguin competed for Canada at the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in the Czech Republic , where he led the team in scoring with ten points in four games as Canada won the gold medal .
Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
He is known as '' the Younger '' to distinguish him from his father , William Pitt the Elder , who previously served as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Here are the rules of Brahmagupta : The sum of zero and a negative number is negative .
Soon , the emissive layer becomes negatively charged , while the conductive layer becomes rich in positively charged holes .
This is because abstract concepts elicit greater brain activity in the inferior frontal gyrus and middle temporal gyrus compared to concrete concepts when concrete concepts elicit greater activity in the posterior cingulate , precuneus , fusiform gyrus , and parahippocampal gyrus .
Dobrogea Wind Farm is a large wind power project in the Dobrogea region , Romania .
Digital forms of emoticons on the Internet were included in a proposal by Scott Fahlman of Carnegie Mellon University in a message on 19 September 1982 .
In the 2007 NBA Draft , he was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks as the sixth overall pick .
Together with the peripheral nervous system it has a fundamental role in the control of behavior .
BÃ 1\/4 nzen is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Bedford is a city in Trimble County , Kentucky , United States .
For subtractive combination of colors , as in mixing of pigments or dyes , such as in printing , the primaries normally used are cyan , magenta , and yellow , though the set of red , yellow , blue is popular among artists .
They are currently managed by ex-Airdrieonians player and former Airdrie United Under 19s coach Jimmy Boyle .
Another large steppe area ( prairie ) is located in the central United States and western Canada .
Evolène is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
It celebrated its centenary on 31 October 2003 .
John Winston Howard , AC ( born 26 July 1939 ) was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007 .
During 1909-1922 the London and North Western Railway embarked on a project to electrify their London inner-suburban network , encompassing the lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond , including branch lines such as Watford to Croxley Green ( where a depot was built to house the electric units ) , and links to what was to become the London Underground network .
After the dark match , the pay-per-view event began with an in-ring segment featuring Raw General Manager William Regal and WWE Chairman Vince McMahon , who awarded the WWE Championship to Randy Orton due to John Cena 's injury , which had caused Cena to vacate the title .
Karl Georg BÃ 1\/4 chner ( 17 October 1813 -- 19 February 1837 ) was a German dramatist and writer of prose .
T. cerrejonensis
Her press secretary from 1963 to 1969 was Liz Carpenter , a fellow University of Texas alumna .
Thá há '' 9X ( literally meaning 9X Generation , often referred to simply as 9X ) is a Vietnamese term used to describe people born during the 1990s .
It was launched in 1983 , and research and development ran until June 30 , 1991 , eight years after it began .
Holden is an Australian subsidiary of General Motors .
Roasting is suitable for slower cooking of meat in a larger , whole piece .
Dixon is a city in Lee County , Illinois , United States .
If two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
Public basilicas begin to appear in Hellenistic cities in the 2nd century BC .
Henry IV ( 13 December 1553 â '' 14 May 1610 ) was King of France from 1589 to 1610 and King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610 .
The story is a favourite of Kipling fans and is notable for its frightening and serious tone .
Although called treeshrews , they are not true shrews ( although they were previously classified in the Insectivora ) , and not all species are necessarily arboreal .
A multimeter or a multitester , also known as a volt/ohm meter or VOM , is an electronic measuring instrument that combines several measurement functions in one unit .
To unite Kashmiri Muslims on a common platform was an enormous task in the wake of the deep variance in the political thinking of Sheikh Mohammed Abdullah and Mir Waiz Mohammed Yusuf Shah who parted ways towards the end of the first session .
Werder Bremen is a German sports club best known for its football team playing in Bremen , in the northwest German federal state of the same name .
Lee Kuan Yew , GCMG , CH ( English name : Harry , ; POJ : LÃ Kong-i Ä u ; born 16 September 1923 ; also Lee Kwan-Yew ) is a Singaporean statesman .
It is bordered by Syria to the north and east , and Israel to the south .
Before the Cuban Revolution of 1959 , the Carnivals of Guantanamo were famous in Cuba .
The Fabia was available in hatchback , estate ( named Fabia Combi ) and saloon ( named Fabia Sedan ) body styles while from 2007 merging in the second generation starting with hatchback and awaiting the new estate version .
Originally called Ville-Marie , or '' City of Mary '' , the city takes its present name from Mont-Royal , Mount Royal Park - Montreal 's Mount Royal Park or Parc du Mont-Royal the triple-peaked hill located in the heart of the city , whose name was also initially given to the island on which the city is located , or Mont Réal as it was spelled in Middle French , ( Mont Royal in present French ) .
José Carlos de Almeida , best known as Zé Carlos ( born in Presidente Bernardes , São Paulo State , November 14 , 1968 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Bruno Kreisky ( January 22 1911 July 29 1990 ) served as Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983 .
bartleby.com , American Heritage Dictionary , Violence , Retrieved January 8 , 2009 .
Gager (/O1992/O) p. 18 They are sometimes discovered along with small dolls or figurines ( sometimes inaccurately referred to as '' Voodoo dolls '' See e.g. Faraone in Magika Hiera (/O1991/O) , p. 4 etc. ) , which may also be pierced by nails .
Web of the City ( originally published as Rumble ) is the first novel written by author Harlan Ellison .
1803 & ndash ; Joseph Paxton , English gardener ( d. 1865 )
The next year , when James Francis Edward was expelled and Louise Mary died of smallpox , Mary was very upset ; according to Mary 's close friend Madame de Maintenon , Mary was '' a model of desolation '' .
June 11 & ndash ; King Wladislaus II of Poland
It is a non-profit organization open to people who score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized , supervised IQ or other approved intelligence test .
Between 1970 and 1973 , he was the principal conductor of the Vienna Symphony .
Villemontoire is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1933 & ndash ; Jean-Paul Belmondo , French actor
Marvel Entertainment , Inc. , a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , owns Marvel Publishing.SECInfo.com : '' Marvel Entertainment\/Inc .
The track was officially opened on 3 September 1922 , with the maiden race the second Italian Grand Prix held on 10 September 1922 .
After signing with Reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , Dookie .
Formerly one of the four largest lakes of the world with an area of , the Aral Sea has been steadily shrinking since the 1960s after the rivers that fed it were diverted by Soviet Union irrigation projects .
In seed plants , the ovule is the structure that gives rise to and contains the female reproductive cells .
The speaker moves in accordance with the variations of an electrical signal and causes sound waves to propagate through a medium such as air or water .
2 and two may mean :
His first major success here was LodoÃ ska ( 1791 ) which was admired for its realistic heroism .
When Simon Mayo left Radio 1 for Radio Five Live in February 2001 , Whiley 's show was moved to a mid morning slot .
It has long , pointed ears and a squared-off muzzle .
Schwarzenegger began weight-training at 15 .
Saxe-Eisenach assumed its final shape in 1672 , following the death of Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg and the partition of his lands .
Sri Yukteswar Giri ( also spelled Sriyukteswar Giri and Sriyukteshvar Giri ) ( May 10 , 1855-March 9 , 1936 ) is the monastic name of Priyanath Karar ( also Preonath Karar ) , the guru of Paramahansa Yogananda .
The original family name was spelled Greig , originally from Scotland .
The first two were Buddhist Rajputs and the last two Hindu Brahmins .
The magnetic flux is thus the integral of the magnetic vector field B over a surface , and the electric flux is defined similarly .
The lake is used for fishing and recreation , but suffered from some environmental degradation from Soviet era agriculture .
It is part of the Sioux City , IA & ndash ; NE & ndash ; SD Metropolitan Statistical Area .
In China street vendors sell roasted silkworm pupae .
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1870 , serving from 1871 to 1879 .
Recently , Brian Jacques has been working with illustrator Alexi Natchev on a series of short picture books :
The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks , including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic '' Jungle Boogie '' by artist French , and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper .
She is the second woman elected to the United States Congress from Oklahoma and the first since 1921 when Alice Mary Robertson was elected to Congress and served for one term from 1921 to 1923 .
The only secondary road in the town , the B1007 , passes from just south of the town center as Laindon Road , meets the A129 at Sun Corner and then continues northwards as Billericay 's High Street and then Stock Road .
See also Horse hoof Commons : Horse hoof Claw of Archimedes External links The Horse 's Hoof Anatomy Rat 's Claws , also explains much about mammalian claws in general .
2000 & ndash ; Off the coast of Ivory Coast , Kenya Airways Flight 431 crashes into the Atlantic Ocean , killing 169 .
The site was launched on Labor Day , Monday , September 4 , 1995 , under the more prosaic title of '' Auction Web '' ; it was hosted on a site Omidyar had created for information on the ebola virus .
Wadi Mashi
In the 12th century , local government agencies called '' waterschappen '' ( English '' water bodies '' ) or '' hoogheemraadschappen '' ( '' high home councils '' ) started to appear , whose job it was to maintain the water level and to protect a region from floods .
In the chapter '' King 's Cross '' , Dumbledore 's spirit tells Harry that when Voldemort failed to kill baby Harry and disembodied himself , Harry became an unintentional Horcrux ; Harry could not kill Voldemort while the Dark Lord 's soul shard was within Harry 's body .
The Four Corners Area is generally defined as a circle around the Four Corners Monument located at .
Pedro Martínez de la Rosa ( born 24 February 1971 in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) is a Formula One driver who drove for the Sauber team in 2010 until being replaced by Nick Heidfeld on September 14 before the Singapore Grand Prix .
Renal failure or kidney failure ( formerly called renal insufficiency or chronic renal insufficiency ) describes a medical condition in which the kidneys fail to adequately filter toxins and waste products from the blood .
A year after winning the 2008 Australian Grand Prix from pole position , Hamilton started the season-opening from 18th place on the grid after the McLaren team incurred a penalty for changing his malfunctioning gearbox during qualifying .
She is one of the few dancers or actresses who can say that they have danced with Gene Kelly , Fred Astaire , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and Rudolf Nureyev .
Undated Orthodox Patriarch Meletius I of Alexandria succeeds Silvester .
Liverpool is a joint European Capital of Culture for 2008 .
Chengdu , Suining , Nanchong , Dazhou , Ya'an , Abazhou , and Liangshan all saw an increase of more than 40 percent while Leshan , Neijiang , Luzhou , Meishan , Ziyang , and Yibin saw an increase of more than 20 percent .
The design of the apartments has also been enhanced to make them more aesthetically attractive and functionally superior . ''
Vernon Castle ( 2 May 1887 - 15 February 1918 ) was born William Vernon Blyth in Norwich , Norfolk , England .
Piero Gobetti ( June 19 , 1901 -- February 15 , 1926 ) was an Italian journalist , intellectual and radical liberal .
It should be noted that despite the genre 's title , the end result of a harem series is never an actual harem , i.e. the main character never enters a long-term relationship with all the harem members .
In 1994 , Rabin won the Nobel Peace Prize together with Shimon Peres and Yasser Arafat .
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Their first child , Cayden Wyatt Costner , was born on May 6 , 2007 at a Los Angeles hospital .
It was written by lead vocalist Raine Maida .
IAUC 8116 : Satellites of Jupiter and Saturn 2003 April ( discovery ) MPEC 2003-G17 : S\/2003 J 15 2003 April ( discovery and ephemeris )
Red and white are the colours of the city coat of arms , and black and white the colours of Prussia .
Biennials that are grown for edible leaves or roots are grown as annuals , e.g. beets , Brussels sprouts , cabbage , carrots , celery , lettuce , parsley , and Swiss chard .
During his time as team principal , Stoddart campaigned for reduced costs in the sport .
In 1911 Seyss-Inquart met Gertrud Maschka .
populationof = popofyear =
The most common threats to the animal in Australia are motorised vehicles and habitat destruction , which have led to localised extinction .
Elliott Cook Carter , Jr. ( born December 11 , 1908 ) is a two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning American composer born and living in New York City .
Mauve in human culture Decade nostalgia The 1890s were sometimes referred to as the '' Mauve Decade '' , because William Henry Perkin 's aniline dye mauveine allowed the widespread use of that color in fashion .
Near the end of the war , abolitionists were concerned that while the Proclamation had freed most slaves as a war measure , it had not made slavery illegal .
Although this biome is correctly named Taiga , the term Boreal forest is usually used to refer to the more southerly part of the biome , while the term Taiga is more often used to describe only the more barren northern areas of the Arctic tree line .
After financing the creation of the Federal Steel Company he merged the Carnegie Steel Company and several other steel and iron businesses to form the United States Steel Corporation in 1901 .
The cathode supplies electrons to the positively charged cations which flow to it from the electrolyte ( even if the cell is galvanic , i.e. , when the cathode is positive and therefore would be expected to repel the positively charged cations ; this is due to electrode potential relative to the electrolyte solution being different for the anode and cathode metal\/electrolyte systems in a galvanic cell ) .
Throughout the rest of the film , it is occasionally interrupted to have Timon and Pumbaa comment on whatever is happening .
Cantor may refer to :
A rival to Mario first appeared in the 1985 game Wrecking Crew in the form of Spike , a construction foreman .
Adelaide ( ) is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of South Australia , and is the fifth-largest city in Australia .
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand .
After a successful junior career with the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League 's Laval Titan , Sauvé was drafted by the NHL 's Buffalo Sabres in the 1st round ( 17th overall ) in 1975 NHL Entry Draft .
Classical civilizations , notably the Assyrians , Hungarians , Persians , Parthians , Indians , Koreans , Chinese , and Japanese fielded large numbers of archers in their armies .
1915 -- 1920 Sir Thomas Beech , 2nd Baronet , CH ( musical adviser )
The flooding caused extreme damage , estimated at over $ 5 billion ( 1998 USD , $ 6.5 billion 2008 USD ) .
Its terrain is relatively flat , with heaths , plains and peat bogs in the west and a more elevated and slightly hilly terrain in the east .
Lea Fastow is a native of Houston , Texas , where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the J. Weingarten Incorporated grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors .
Lounsbery , affectionately known as ` Louns ' by his fellow animators , was an incredibly strong draftsman who inspired many animators over the years .
His jersey number was retired by the Bears , and he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Born in Miami , Florida and educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , Oliver began her recording career on Capitol Records , with the album Make Music , eventually moving to Atlantic Records to work with Ahmet Ertegun and Leon Huff .
At its maximum extent , it is about 140 km ( 87 miles ) long , and 55 km ( 34 miles ) wide .
The show premiered in Teletoon Canada at 6:30 pm ET\/PT on January 11 , 2009 .
The use of rainbow flags has a long tradition ; they are displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness , of hope and of yearning .
He scored his first goals for the club on 1 August 2010 in a 3-1 victory over Bayern Munich in the final of the 2010 LIGA total !
The larva , known as the Salt Marsh Caterpillar , is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black .
Taylor ( song ) , a song by Jack Johnson
Yut ( sometimes romanized as nyout or yoot ) is a traditional board game played in Korea , especially during Korean New Year .
The film won four Academy Awards : Best Cinematography ; Best Music , Original Score for a Motion Picture ( not a Musical ) ; Best Music , Song ( Burt Bacharach and Hal David for '' Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head '' ) ; and Best Writing , Story and Screenplay Based on Material Not Previously Published or Produced .
info .
They did not usually talk with the higher society unless it was work related .
Saint-Jean-de-Luz ( Basque Donibane Lohizune ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Sericulture has been practiced for at least 5,000 years in China , Korea , and Japan .
September begins on the same day of the week as December every year , because there are 91 days separating September and December , which is a multiple of seven ( the amount of days in the week ) .
Before the Nazi Party assumed German government in 1933 , the term Wehrmacht generically described a nation 's '' home defense '' forces , analogous to the German Streitmacht foreign war forces , thus , Britische Wehrmacht denoted '' British defense forces '' .
At the end of the game , '' 1 â '' 0 '' means '' White won , '' '' 0 â '' 1 '' means '' Black won , '' and '' Â 1\/2 â '' Â 1\/2 '' indicates a draw .
This is the state bird of Kansas , Montana , Nebraska , North Dakota , Oregon and Wyoming .
It is also the international standard notation of time ( ISO 8601 ) .
Ancient Britons were however involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic onwards , especially in exporting tin which was in abundant supply .
Over the Limit is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , a Connecticutâ '' based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) .
The V-2 rocket ( ) was , according to head of Nazi rocket program Walter Dornberger , the world 's first ballistic missile and first human artifact to achieve sub-orbital spaceflight , Peenemuende , Walter Dornberger , Moewig , Berlin 1985 .
1884 & ndash ; Ralph Benatzky , Czech composer ( d. 1957 )
Boron ( Ë bÉ '' É rÉ 'n ) is the chemical element with atomic number 5 and the chemical symbol B. Boron is a metalloid .
William-Adolphe Bouguereau ( November 30 , 1825 -- August 19 , 1905 ) was a French academic painter .
A typical open-wheeler has a minimal cockpit sufficient only to enclose the driver 's body , with the head exposed to the air .
Peter Michael Falk ( born September 16 , 1927 ) is a retired American actor , best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the television series Columbo .
Though the Toronto Star describes it as '' a lesbian-friendly tune '' , whether homophobia fuels negative reactions to the song or the song itself appears to divide critics .
27.00 % of all households were made up of individuals and 12.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Afon , the Welsh word for river , often anglicised to ` avon ' .
He is best known for his brilliant dribbling abilities .
In 1886 , a group of French and British language teachers , led by the French linguist Paul Passy , formed what would come to be known from 1897 onwards as the International Phonetic Association ( in French , l ' ) .
Red Hat Linux Split into Fedora Core and Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
Ogg is a free , open standard container format maintained by the Xiph.Org Foundation .
The most recent film shot in Clunes is Julius Avery 's 13-minute movie Jerrycan .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate is stable at room temperature but recrystallizes at only 32 Â to sodium carbonate heptahydrate , Na2CO3 Â 7H2O , then above 37 - to sodium carbonate monohydrate , Na2CO3 Â H2O .
The book was previously adapted into a 1973 feature film starring Ingrid Bergman , later released on home video as The Hideaways .
While it has been described as the world 's smallest nation , Sealand is not currently officially recognized as a sovereign state by any sovereign state .
Beaumettes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
When William Ellis visited in 1823 , the main settlement in Hilo district was WaiÄ kea on the south shore of Hilo Bay .
The wild ancestors of Malus domestica are Malus sieversii , found growing wild in the mountains of Central Asia in southern Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , and Xinjiang , China , and possibly also Malus sylvestris .
Benetice is a small village near the town Sv tlá nad Sázavou in the Vyso ina Region , Czech Republic .
Dallas Cowboys Ring of Honor
Initially , virgorous convection persisted throughout the wave axis , though dry air greatly diminished the convection on July 28 .
George Gordon Byron , 6th Baron Byron , later George Gordon Noel , 6th Baron Byron , FRS ( 22 January 1788 -- 19 April 1824 ) , commonly known simply as Lord Byron , was an English poet and a leading figure in Romanticism .
1972 & ndash ; Rhodesia is expelled by the IOC for its racist policies .
Zeus , Hera , Poseidon , Demeter , Athena , Dionysus , Apollo , Artemis , Ares , Aphrodite , Hephaestus and Hermes .
Another possible reason is that there was a house named Ye Anciente Everton Toffee House in nearby Village Street , Everton , run by Ma Bushell . The toffee house was located near the Queen 's Head hotel in which early club meetings took place .
Pongo -- orangutans
The Portuguese Chronicler Domingo Paes praises Krishna Deva Raya as , '' the most feared and perfect King ... a great ruler and a man of much justice '' .
During these years , he also was the voice of Jesus on the original 1970 album recording of Jesus Christ Superstar .
Thomas Stamford Raffles , English founder of Singapore ( d. 1826 )
The term Paleolithic was coined by archaeologist John Lubbock in 1865 .
Mikhail Tal ( ; , Michail Nechem ` evi Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 & ndash ; June 28 , 1992 ) was a Soviet & ndash ; Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
The number of words per sentence and the percentage of unfamiliar words determine the reading age .
Kingston upon Hull , usually referred to as Hull , is a city and unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Hittorf was the first to compute the electricity-carrying capacity of charged atoms and molecules ( ions ) , an important factor in understanding electrochemical reactions .
It was the largest of the German concentration camps , consisting of Auschwitz I ( the Stammlager or base camp ) ; Auschwitz II-Birkenau ( the Vernichtungslager or extermination camp ) ; Auschwitz III-Monowitz , also known as Buna-Monowitz ( a labor camp ) ; and 45 satellite camps .
Henry I may refer to :
Economy In former times the main income source from the inhabitants was agriculture , however later in the 18th century the weaving mill of lines became more and more important .
For example , No. 2 fuel oil , No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing ( diesel is different in that it also has a cetane number limit which describes the ignition quality of the fuel ) .
Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed in September 2007 .
A line slightly longer than the note is drawn parallel to the staff , above or below , spaced at the same distances as the notes within the staff ( see Figure 1 ) .
Belleu is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
However , since 1952 there exists the Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in theater : a genuine and prestigious award , named in honor of Siddons .
Although she shared this position with her husband , she used most of its power herself .
As early as 1997 , there have been plans to host an Indian Grand Prix at Calcutta .
It is bordered by the states of Nayarit to the northwest , Zacatecas , Aguascalientes and San Luis PotosÃ to the north , Guanajuato to the east and Colima and MichoacÃ n to the south .
Kim Jung-Woo ( , born 9 May 1982 ) , from Korea University , is a South Korean football player who as of 2010 Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix .
Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They believed that the world belonged equally to everyone , and that suffering was caused by false judgments of what was valuable and by the worthless customs and conventions which surrounded society .
E-flat minor is its direct enharmonic equivalent .
Debby Ryan ( born May 13 , 1993 , in AlabamaDebby Ryan Disney Channel .
This zone is mostly unknown , and very few species are known to live here ( in the open areas ) .
The film was written by Maya Forbes & Wallace Wolodarsky , from a story by Ryan Jaffe , and directed by Peter Cattaneo .
By the 1660s , cookery had progressed to an art form and good cooks were in demand .
Le ` Ron McClain ( born December 27 , 1984 ) is an American football fullback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Lucius Vitellius defeats Artabanus II of Parthia in support of another clamaint to the throne , Tiridates III .
Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature , and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions .
Text version of the famous 11th edition of the Britannica .
The swan in the middle comes from the earldom Steinfurt , the center of the district .
William I of Scotland is captured by Ranulf de Glanvill at the Battle of Alnwick ( 1174 ) , and Henry II of England occupies part of Scotland .
The five-tier , R2 billion ( approximately $ 159 million ) Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium was built overlooking the North End Lake , at the heart of the city .
Rot-Wei Ã Oberhausen has seen three of its players capped for Germany .
March 10 -- Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz , Queen of Prussia ( d. 1810 )
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine ( ; ) is Ukraine 's parliament .
Molasses is a viscous byproduct of the processing of sugar cane or sugar beets into sugar .
She reiterated Amun 's support by having these proclamations by the god Amun carved on her monuments :
Jerzy Karol Buzek ( born 3 July 1940 ) is a Polish engineer , academic lecturer and politician .
Lt. Commander Worf , played by Michael Dorn , is a main character in both Star Trek : The Next Generation and Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , and also the films based on The Next Generation .
Female humans are called women and their bodies are different from men .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
His best-known book was Seduction of the Innocent ( 1954 ) , which purported that comic books are dangerous to children .
Michael James Hegstrand ( September 12 , 1957 â '' October 19 , 2003 ) was an American professional wrestler .
Milford is a city in Dickinson County , Iowa , United States .
The capital and second largest city of the United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi .
Its functions include operation of rail services for passengers and freight , and maintenance and signaling of rail infrastructure owned by RÃ seau FerrÃ de France ( RFF ) .
It is located on the Northern Line between Oval and Clapham North , and on the Victoria Line between Brixton and Vauxhall .
Jackson may even have taken pleasure in the subversive impact of her work , as evidenced by Hyman 's statement that she '' was always proud that the Union of South Africa banned ` The Lottery , ' and she felt that they at least understood the story '' .
Traffic on the M6 Motorway was slowed due to poor driving conditions .
They became nationally known after the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten declared to be a supporter of Avaí .
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings , which can be seen if the tree is cut down , or in cores taken from the bark to the center of the tree .
The idea of the workhouse for the able-bodied poor was first suggested in 1576 .
Position the 7 on the CI scale above the 2 on the D scale , and then read the result off of the D scale , below the 1 on the CI scale .
Ariel Rubinstein ( Hebrew : ) ( born April 13 , 1951 ) is an Israeli economist who works in game theory .
Of course , this page should not replace complimenting people directly on their talk pages , or on article talk pages .
On 1 January 2010 the new FIDE rating list was published , and at the age of he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one , breaking the record previously held by Vladimir Kramnik .
Their eldest son , Ranuccio was not yet old enough to rule the Duchy alone so his mother , Margherita acted as regent until her son was old enough to govern alone .
Sometimes the word is used to denote the larval stage of any insects .
In 1947 he was appointed assistant lecturer in music at the University of Cambridge , subsequently lecturer (/O1952/O) , and professor (/O1962/O) .
Defamation may occur when one party ( the eventual defendant if a case goes forward ) writes or says something that is false about a second party ( plaintiff ) such that some third party '' receives '' the communication , and the communication of false information damages the plaintiff '' .
The Jargon File of hackers ' loreJargon File , version 4.4.6 , 25 October 2003 describes an idiomatic usage of the term :
All songs were written by Angus Young , Malcolm Young , and Bon Scott .
Students can pursue courses in Music , Opera , Drama and Technical Theatre Arts .
Since 2003 , McAllister has served as the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .
FranÃ oise Madeleine d'Orl Ã ans ( b.1648-d .1664 ) , daughter of his maternal uncle Gaston , Duke of OrlÃ ans and younger brother of his mother Christine Marie .
King Valdemar II and Archbishop Andreas Sunonis raid Saaremaa Island , Estonia , forcing the islanders to submit .
Kirby , Ontario
When two or more vaccines are mixed together in the same formulation , the two vaccines can interfere . This most frequently occurs with live attenuated vaccines , where one of the vaccine components is more robust than the others and suppresses the growth and immune response to the other components .
Antenor Lucas , better known as Brandãozinho ( born in Campinas , Brazil , June 9 , 1925 & ndash ; died in São Paulo , Brazil , April 4 , 2000 ) was a Brazilian football defender .
This was postponed due to concerns over possible negative effects on the second round of the presidential election in Serbia on 3 February 2008 and the possible signing of the Stabilization and Association Agreement with Serbia on that date .
Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
Vessels carry one or more temporary anchors which may be of different designs and weights .
Statistical Process Control may be broadly broken down into three sets of activities : understanding the process , understanding the causes of variation , and elimination of the sources of special cause variation .
The Ursidae family belongs to the order Carnivora and is one of nine families in the suborder Caniformia , or '' doglike '' carnivorans .
Twins are common in many animal species , such as cats , sheep , ferrets and deer .
In mathematics , a divisor of an integer , also called a factor of , is an integer which evenly divides without leaving a remainder .
Nicknames were given to them , and sellers assigned rarity values to them .
On September 17 it was upgraded to a tropical depression by the Indian Meteorological Department ( but not by the JTWC ) , and on September 18 it became Cyclonic Storm Pyarr .
Referee Valentin Ivanov issued a total of 16 yellow cards and four red cards in this match , a World Cup record .
February 11 & ndash ; General Eisenhower is selected to command the Allied armies in Europe .
Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday , much to his delight .
Groups for which the equation a â cents b = b â cents a always holds are called abelian ( in honor of Niels Abel ) . Thus , the integer addition group is abelian , but the symmetry group in the following section is not .
Mifi , identichnost i politika v Zakavkazye '' , Moscow , Academkniga , 2003Thomas de Waal , Black Garden , chapter '' Urekavank '' , in Russian , 2005 She is the author of numerous research papers , articles and books on Azerbaijani ancient and medieval history .
Physical experiments determined a half-life of ~ 16 h whilst chemical experiments provided a value of ~ 32 h/O. The half-life is often taken as ~ 28 h due to the higher number of atoms detected by chemical means This is the longest lived transactinide isotope and is a reflection of the stability of the Z = 108 and N = 162 closed shells and the effect of odd particles in nuclear decay .
The soft , clay-like floor of the cave retains the paw prints of cave bears along with large , rounded , depressions that are believed to be the '' nests '' where the bears slept .
Eukaryotic cells include a variety of membrane-bound structures , collectively referred to as the endomembrane system .
It said the Chinese stance underlined the '' strong resentment '' felt by its public to drug traffickers , in part based on '' the bitter memory of history '' & ndash ; a reference to the Opium Wars .
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus also feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War , as does the violet snail Janthina janthina .
The nasab of Yusuf ( nicknamed '' al-Ahmar '' , meaning '' the Red '' ) , the common ancestor of all Nasrid sultans , is shown below .
After an appeal by a local chess official , he was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University 's Mathematics Department .
Moorhead is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
Nicolas Grimal , A History of Ancient Egypt , Blackwell Books : 1992 , pp.256-257 However , the prospect of further protracted conflict between the two states eventually persuaded both their rulers , Hatusili III and Ramesses to end their dispute and sign a peace treaty .
In 1984 , Brian Bellows was named interim captain of the Minnesota North Stars when Craig Hartsburg was injured , and is the youngest player to captain a team in NHL history .
In the United States , both French lavender syrup and dried lavender buds are used to make lavender scones and marshmallows .
Lappion is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology ( see Techniques section later in article ) , but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) ( GrÃ goire de Nicopolis ) .
The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings , but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition .
1832 & ndash ; Lewis Carroll , English author ( d. 1898 )
1925 & ndash ; Mike Douglas , American entertainer ( d. 2006 )
The product was originally developed by Momofuku Ando as Cup Noodle .
Sportcity Manchester is a sports district in eastern Manchester , that rose to fame as host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
The Maya is a Mesoamerican civilization , noted for the only known fully developed written language of the pre-Columbian Americas , as well as its art , architecture , and mathematical and astronomical systems .
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
Arbanats is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
It adjoins the ceremonial counties of Cheshire ( to the north west ) , Derbyshire ( to the east ) , Leicestershire ( to the east ) , Warwickshire ( to the south east ) , West Midlands ( to the south ) , Worcestershire ( to the south ) , and Shropshire ( to the west ) .
The only important river in the province is the DajabÃ n River , also known as Masacre ( from French Massacre ) .
Robert White , Ruairí Ó Brádaigh , The Life and Politics of an Irish Revolutionary , pp .
When he was 22 , he opened the Empire Sporting Club with Jack Barrow at the Gramercy Gym .
A colloquialism is a phrase that is common in everyday , unconstrained conversation , rather than in formal speech , academic writing , or paralinguistics .
Arrien ( ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
28.5 % of the houses were completely destroyed and 44.7 % damaged .
Rates of abuse in body dysmorphic disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder .
He also posted seven shutouts in the playoffs .
A common year is a common type of calendar year . It has exactly 365 days and so is not a leap year .
7,542 people lived in the town of Gunnedah in 2006 , including 931 indigenous persons ( 12.3 % ) .
Not to be confused with the more famous and higher Feldberg in Black Forest , the highest peak is the Grosser Feldberg ( 878 m , which was also used for the Feldbergrennen hillclimbing contest and rallying stages ) .
Matchbox Twenty received a nomination for Best Rock Album twice at the Grammy Awards , for Mad Season in 2001 and More Than You Think You Are in 2004 .
During Mysterio 's entrance , P.O.D. performed Mysterio 's music entrance live .
The index has further been criticised for having an inappropriate treatment of income , lacking year-to-year comparability , and assessing development differently in different groups of countries .
In 1696 Wesley 's father was appointed the rector of Epworth .
Kardigap
She Loves Me -- Book by Joe Masteroff , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick .
The Forest Dormouse ( Dryomys nitedula ) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family found in eastern Europe , the Balkans and parts of western Central Asia .
Forcalquier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France .
QQ 24 In April 2010 , QQ.com ranked 10th overall in Alexa 's internet rankings .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period ( c. 2000 BC to 250 AD ) , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state development during the Classic period ( c. 250 AD to 900 AD ) , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Origins Carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of blackletter .
History and background of songwriters Songwriters may perform the songs they write themselves , or they may write for somebody else to perform .
It was inspired by Lennon 's memories of playing in the garden of a Salvation Army house named '' Strawberry Field '' near his childhood home .
Franz Ferdinand is a rock band that was formed in Glasgow , Scotland , in 2002 .
Since the 20th century , the field of professional astronomy split into observational and theoretical branches .
Gorj ( ) is a county ( jude ) of Romania , in Oltenia , with its capital city at Târgu Jiu .
Rolling Stock Munich U-Bahn uses three different generations of electric multiple unit trains .
Bremen is a city in Muhlenberg County , Kentucky , United States .
Useful plants are grown for consumption ( vegetables , fruits , herbs , and leaf vegetables ) or for medicinal use .
Louise Ã lisabeth de France ( Marie Louise Ã lisabeth ; 14 August 1727 â '' 6 December 1759 ) was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and his Queen consort , Maria LeszczyÅ ska , and the elder twin sister of Anne Henriette de France .
Breccia ( or , ) is a rock composed of broken fragments of minerals or rock cemented together by a fine-grained matrix , that can be either similar to or different from the composition of the fragments .
Hercules finds out that Alcmene was sick and Zeus offered to make up for hardtimes by giving her immortality and taking her to live with him on Mount Olympus .
Calc also supports a wide range of other file formats , for both opening and saving files , such as CSV , HTML , SXC , DBF , DIF , UOF , SLK , SDC and others .
Cervical cancer is malignant cancer of the cervix uteri or cervical area .
Henrik Dam ( Full name Carl Peter Henrik Dam ) ( February 21 , 1895 -- April 17 , 1976 ) was a Danish biochemist and physiologist .
Calvin gave himself and Hobbes important positions in the club , Calvin being '' Dictator-for-Life '' and Hobbes being '' President-and-First-Tiger '' .
Takuya Miyamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata .
When the white form is exposed to sunlight or when it is heated in its own vapour to 250 ° C , it is transmuted to the red form , which does not chemoluminesce in air .
Good is the first album recorded by the alternative Boston based trio Morphine .
As part of its land-grant mission , USU strives to allow access to education for as many people as possible .
Crofton , British Columbia , Canada , is a small coastal town that is part of the District of North Cowichan on Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
NÃ 1\/4 rnberg Hauptbahnhof is a stop for IC and ICE trains on the German long-distance railway network .
When in 1939 the German invasion of Poland began , Danzig 's government declared Danzig a part of Germany and the Free City was abolished .
Whether or not he wrote the first mass based on L'homme armÃ , his was by far the most influential ; Obrecht 's mass , for example , closely parallels the setting by Busnois and even the mass by Dufay quotes from it directly .
Troy was directed by Wolfgang Petersen and written by David Benioff .
Cassinis flyby trajectory makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult .
This was reiterated in 2007 's Comic Con where Joss stated that he '' absolutely would be returning to that world .
It remained the river 's lowest crossing until the construction of the Kincardine Bridge further downstream in the 1930s .
The word guy thus came in the 19th century to mean an oddly dressed person , and hence in the 20th and 21st centuries to mean any male person .
The pop-punk band Four Year Strong covered the song in their 90 's cover album '' Explains It All . ''
The DudeJungle Jim
Le Temple is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Within hours they managed to take control of many parts of Vienna , including the ministry of internal Affairs ( controlling the police ) .
A group of meerkats is called a '' mob '' , '' gang '' or '' clan '' .
The asteroid belt or asteroid field is an area between the planets Jupiter and Mars , which is fully covered with
His one brother , James Franklin Carver , was born in 1943 .
There are a total of 146 episodes in this series .
The British Rail Class 332 is the type of electric multiple unit train used on the Heathrow Express between London Paddington station and Heathrow Airport .
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Microsoft attributed the sales success of Windows 98 in part to Windows Update .
On 30 May 1926 , Tagore reached Naples , Italy ; he met fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in Rome the next day .
Turn - und Sportverein München von 1860 , commonly known as TSV 1860 München or 1860 Munich , is a German sports club based in Munich , Bavaria .
So , for example , an earthquake that measures 5.0 on the Richter scale has a shaking amplitude 10 times larger than one that measures 4.0 .
Gould and Gilbert arrived with in Hobart on the Parsee on 19 September 1838 .
Em ( Ð Ð 1\/4 ; italics : Ð Ð 1\/4 ) is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Angle parking is very common in car parking lots . It may also be used in streetside car parking in the U.S. when there is more width available for car parking than would be needed for parallel parking of cars , as it creates a larger number of parking spaces .
The city ( commune ) of Versailles , located in the western suburbs of Paris , 17.1 km ( 10.6 mi ) from the center of Paris , is the préfecture ( capital ) of the Yvelines département .
UCSB faculty includes five Nobel Prize laureates , one Fields Medalist , 29 members of the National Academy of Sciences , 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering , and 23 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Massimo Cellino
Leicester ( , ) is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands area of England .
Mullan also has its own fire department .
1746 & ndash ; Carlo Buonaparte , father of Napoleon Bonaparte ( d. 1785 )
His anger is quickly dispelled by Barbarina ( a peasant girl , Antonio 's daughter ) , who publicly recalls that he had once offered to give her anything she wants , and asks for Cherubino 's hand in marriage .
1902 & ndash ; Werner Heyde , German psychiatrist ( d. 1964 )
French Polynesia ( , ) is a French overseas collectivity in the southern Pacific Ocean .
In the United States , the Trio section '' Land of Hope and Glory '' of March No. 1 is sometimes known simply as '' Pomp and Circumstance '' or as '' The Graduation March '' , and is played as the processional tune at virtually all high school and college graduation ceremonies .
The Vienna Symphony ( ) is an orchestra in Vienna , Austria .
Carbon entering into rock formations has a ratio of Carbon-13 ( 13C ) to Carbon-12 ( 12C ) of about â ' 5.5 ( in units of Î 13C ) , where because of a preferential biotic uptake of 12C , biomass has a Î 13C of between â 20 and â ' 30 .
These principles will therefore govern Voice of America ( VOA ) broadcasts .
It also shares a short boundary with the Brazilian Federal District .
Cultural aspects There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil .
Israel has never acknowledged or denied having a weapons program , and Vanunu was abducted and smuggled to Israel , where he was tried in camera and convicted of treason and espionage .
Port-au-Prince is one of the nation 's largest centers of economy and finance .
The discography of English rock band Pink Floyd consists of 14 studio albums ( one of which is a mixture of live and studio ) , three live albums ( not re-counting the mixed album ) , six compilations , three box sets , one EP , 26 singles , 10 music videos , and four video albums .
A web browser is a piece of computer software .
See also : Yatton , Herefordshire
However it was decided that Taylor would replace Colsefni and he was subsequently moved to backing vocals .
Justin Raymond Hoyte ( born 20 November 1984 in Waltham Forest , England ) is an English footballer who currently plays for Middlesbrough .
This time , Ipswich established themselves in Division Two , and as the division champions , won promotion to the top level of English football , Division One , in 1960 -- 61 .
Montreal , Canada -- Lake Placid , Albany , USAOfficials from Quebec and the State of New York have met to discuss the possibility of a joint bid between those two cities considering the proximity between them .
Rotor may refer to :
In the late 1970s he started working for record producer and composer Mike Post .
Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions ( bibhag ) , each named after its respective capital .
Austin American-Statesman , April 15 , 1997 .
ConfranÃ on is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Anton , eldest son of Antoinette and Arthur Anton , was born and raised in Omaha , Nebraska .
, the city has a population of c. 88,000 , of which some 50,000 live in the urban center , and the remainder in the surrounding areas .
Alex ( 1976 -- September 6 , 2007 ) was an African Grey Parrot and the subject of a thirty-year ( 1977 -- 2007 ) experiment by animal psychologist Irene Pepperberg , initially at the University of Arizona and later at Harvard and Brandeis University .
Michael Joseph '' Mick '' McCarthy ( born 7 February 1959 ) is a former international footballer who is currently the manager of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers , where he has been in charge since July 2006 .
Attractions in Nouakchott include Nouakchott Museum , several markets including Nouakchott Silver Market , and the beaches .
Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Juan Diego Flórez was born in Lima , Peru , on January 13 , 1973 where his father , Rubén Flórez , was a noted guitarist and singer of Peruvian popular and criolla music .
Paterson 's original lyrics referred directly to ` drowning ' , which the tea company felt was too negative .
Liquids are relatively incompressible , while some can be compressed , the main action of a pump is to pressurize and transport liquids .
Another widely recognized movement characteristic is the Scout uniform , by intent hiding all differences of social standing in a country and making for equality , with neckerchief and campaign hat or comparable head wear .
is a Japanese football player who plays for Ehime F.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
In its most generic sense , the word earthquake is used to describe any seismic event -- whether a natural phenomenon or an event caused by humans -- that generates seismic waves .
Both petroglyphs and pictographs can be parietal , meaning on the walls of a cave or rock shelter , open-air ( meaning they are made on exposed natural outcrops ) or monument-based which are made on stones consciously deposited .
The territory may be large enough to hold some young adults who stay with their parents until they establish their own territories .
Cetartiodactyla
Rey County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
The score before the last game was thus 5 â '' 4 for Schlechter .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
Other works include Sir Arthur Somervell 's The Passion of Christ ( 1914 ) , Charles Wood 's St. Mark Passion ( 1921 ) and Eric Thiman 's The Last Supper ( 1930 ) .
These individuals do not have actual claws ; instead the unguis appears normal with the addition of a thick growth of subunguis .
Écoivres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They also measured the visible and infrared spectra and measured the moon 's surface temperature .
Haast 's Eagle ( Harpagornis moorei ) was a species of massive eagles that once lived on the South Island of New Zealand .
Boiry-Saint-Rictrude is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The word is derived from the Latin ( '' water '' ) and ( '' to lead '' ) .
Although the town of Brandenburg is less known than the state of Brandenburg , it provided the name for the medieval Bishopric of Brandenburg , the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and the current state of Brandenburg .
Mollis is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
For the remainder of his life , he would live in poverty , for his paintings only rose significantly in monetary value after his death .
Founded in 1853 , it is the second oldest university in Australia , and the oldest in Victoria .
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of more than one passenger carriages where all carriages in the train carry passengers , using electricity as the motive power .
Afon , the Welsh word for river , often anglicised to ` avon ' .
In 1965 , he became a naturalized citizen of the United States .
Pewee Valley is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .
Since June 2001 he has served as Governing Mayor ( ) of Berlin .
John Huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $ 10,000 fine .
On the July 27 , 2007 edition of SmackDown !
Salvia pratensis forms a basal clump from 1-1 .5 m tall , with rich green rugose leaves that are slightly ruffled and toothed on the edges .
` Karma ' is an Indian religious concept in contradistinction to ` faith ' espoused by Abrahamic religions ( Judaism , Christianity , and Islam ) , which view all human dramas as the will of God as opposed to present -- and past -- life actions .
It includes the following species :
In 1982 , Mørk became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the finals of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th Prize .
The group is composed of Tablo , Mithra Jin and DJ Tukutz .
In Macedonia , he appears to have seen the alleged tomb of Orpheus in Libethra .
Poanes hobomok ( Harris , 1862 ) -- Hobomok Skipper
George III and Queen Charlotte had 15 children , 13 of whom survived to adulthood .
Thayer , Vol 1 , p. 53 It is known that Beethoven 's family and his teacher Johann Albrechtsberger celebrated his birthday on 16 December .
In 1974 he was inducted into the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was named a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association .
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Fratton Park is the home stadium of Portsmouth F.C. , the city 's traditional professional football club , and is situated in the English city-port of Portsmouth .
On November 15 , Williams confirmed that HÃ 1\/4 lkenberg had been dropped from the team 's 2011 line-up , and Maldonado was duly announced as his replacement on December 1 .
Robert Gordon '' Bobby '' Orr , OC ( born March 20 , 1948 , Parry Sound , Ontario , Canada ) is a retired ice hockey player .
Then the Tyrannosaurus collapses when it accidentally trips on the Ankylosaurus ' tail .
Hemorrhoids ( US English ) or hemorrhoids ( British English ; pronounced \/O/ Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ '' É dz \/O/ ) , are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
CaE = Canadian English
In the NFL playoffs , Warner ultimately led the Rams to a Super Bowl XXXIV victory against the Tennessee Titans .
(/O2007/O) , the five most sensitive areas of the penis are on the foreskin ; this is disputed by Waskett and Morris , who argue that re-analysis of Sorrells ' data shows no significant differences .
State , for example , what a person is famous for , where a place is located and what it is known for , or the basic details of an event and when it happened .
It now contains the British headquarters of two substantial international companies .
When Elizabeth I was succeeded in 1603 by the Scottish King James VI ( thus becoming James I of England ) , the countries both came under his rule but each retained its own Parliament .
In aerobic organisms , the citric acid cycle is part of a metabolic pathway involved in the chemical conversion of carbohydrates , fats and proteins into carbon dioxide and water to generate a form of usable energy .
A single female may lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime .
Conception and creation The character first appeared in the 1981 arcade game Donkey Kong as a carpenter named '' Jumpman '' , more commonly called '' Mr. Video Game '' in Japan .
When The Iron Sheik locked a camel clutch on one of the Killer Bees , Jim Duggan hit him with his two by four , resulting in a The Iron Sheik and Nikolai Volkoff winning the bout by disqualification .
After Mary 's recovery and the death of Anne 's baby soon after it was born , Mary did visit her sister , but chose the opportunity to berate Anne for her friendship with Sarah .
Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea : RSMC - Tropical Cyclones New Delhi \/ORGANIZATION/ India Meteorological Department ( New Delhi , India )
It is a specialized wiki created to be an extensive encyclopedia of the Star Wars universe with some articles reaching up to 60,000 words , and is written almost entirely from an in-universe perspective .
Large farmsteads produced food in industrial quantities and Roman sources note that Britain exported hunting dogs , animal skins and slaves .
Youri Raffi Djorkaeff ( born 9 March 1968 in Lyon ) is a former French football player who played as a forward or as an attacking midfielder .
1909 & ndash ; Colombia recognizes the independence of Panama .
The specialised teeth - incisors , canines , premolars , and molars - are found in the same order in every mammal .
For CPUs , the entire implementation process is often called CPU design .
Arlene moved quickly to the northeast , reaching a peak of 60 mph prior to becoming extratropical on the 7th .
For the DuckTales episode , see Back to the Klondike ( DuckTales episode ) .
They are spoken in parts of the Alsace , southern Germany , Liechtenstein , Austria , and the German-speaking parts of Switzerland and Italy .
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
LomÃ , with an estimated population of 737,751 , is the capital and largest city of Togo .
Most of the capsaicin in a pungent ( hot ) pepper is concentrated in blisters on the epidermis of the interior ribs ( septa ) that divide the chambers of the fruit to which the seeds are attached .
Nickname for an M79 grenade launcher
Its capital is the city of Padua .
When seen from above , the shell is darker in color and marked with irregular stripes , which helps it blend into the dark water below .
In English , it serves two main purposes -- the omission of one or more letters -- also known as a contraction -- ( as in does n't for does not ) and the marking of possessives ( as in the cat 's whiskers ) , though usage in forming certain plurals is sometimes accepted .
In 1925 he gave the first stage performance outside Russia of Rimsky-Korsakov 's opera The Invisible City of Kitezh .
The most common form of acne is known as '' acne vulgaris '' , meaning '' common acne '' .
In 1969 FC Schalke 04 paid FC Schwelm 06 38,000 Deutsche Mark to sign promising stopper Rolf Rüssmann , who did not enjoy the best of starts at the Gelsenkirchen-based outfit under Rudi Gutendorf , but then gained more regular appearances for the club and seemed destined for a successful career .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 , as the circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
Mainstream Japanese myths , as generally recognized today , are based on the Kojiki , Nihon Shoki and some complementary books .
1952 & ndash ; The Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India , holds its first sitting .
Quarks have fractional electric charge valuesâ '' either â ' or + times the elementary charge , depending on flavor . Up , charm , and top quarks ( collectively referred to as up-type quarks ) have a charge of + , while down , strange , and bottom quarks ( down-type quarks ) have â ' .
He drives for Red Bull Racing alongside Australian Mark Webber in the 2010 season .
Northeast Arnhem Land is home to the indigenous Yolngu people , one of the largest Indigenous groups in Australia , and one who have succeeded in maintaining a vigorous traditional indigenous culture .
The A318 , also known as the '' Mini-Airbus '' or '' baby bus '' , is the smallest member of the A320 family , and the smallest Airbus of any kind .
Juan Velasco Damas ( born May 15 , 1977 in Dos Hermanas , Seville ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Larissa F.C. in Greece , as a right defender .
Links Internal links Signatures must include at least one internal link to your user page , user talk page , or contributions page ; this allows other editors easy access to your talk page and contributions log .
A part of the D.C. hardcore punk scene , Rites of Spring increased the frenetic violence and visceral passion of hardcore while simultaneously experimenting with its compositional rules .
Surville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Some of the people with learning difficulties may find it difficult , tedious , or disinteresting to fit in with society because proper meshing with society does in fact require the knowledge of a great deal of norms , customs , traditions , & c.
An example of such a diet is the Atkins ' Induction phase , where followers eat fewer than 20g of carbohydrates per day .
The Lookouts were an American punk rock band that existed from 1985 to 1990 on Iron Peak , a remote rural mountain community outside of Laytonville , California .
History The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts of Jülich and Düren .
Shelf life is different from expiration date ; the former relates to food quality , the latter to food safety .
SliTaz GNU/Linux is a community-based software project started in 2006 by Christophe Lincoln .
The Volkswagen Passat is a large family car built by Volkswagen Passenger Cars through six design generations since 1973 . Slotting between the Volkswagen Golf \/O/ Volkswagen Jetta , and the Volkswagen Phaeton in the current Volkswagen line-up , the Passat and its derivatives have been badged variously as Dasher , Santana , Quantum , Magotan , Corsar and Carat .
Their third album , Blue Sky Noise , was released on April 20 , 2010 on Atlantic Records to even greater critical acclaim and mainstream success .
HammerFall made some expressive concerts before the release of Legacy of Kings , playing in festivals together with bands such as Alice Cooper , Rammstein , Deep Purple , Dream Theater , Saxon and Stratovarius .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians , often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians , is a 1961 American animated film produced by Walt Disney and based on the novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith .
A Storm of Swords won the 2001 Locus Award , the 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novel .
Taxonomy is the practice and science of classification .
It went fully online on June 3 , 2009 , with a preview version released on June 1 , 2009 .
On 25 February 2003 , the Coast Guard was placed under the Department of Homeland Security .
The story documents the real life of Gwen Araujo , born Edward Araujo , Jr. , a transgender teenager who was murdered after it was discovered by acquaintances that she had male genitalia .
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex , also called the Blake River Group , is a giant subaqueous caldera cluster or a nested caldera system that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada .
Varèse 's music features an emphasis on timbre and rhythm .
Sophia Croft -- Sister of Captain Wentworth and wife of Admiral Croft .
No one was killed and there was no damage .
Jefferson County , Alabama is the most populous county in the U.S. state of Alabama , with its county seat being located in Birmingham .
Steven '' Flash '' Gordon is the hero of a science fiction adventure comic strip originally drawn by Alex Raymond , which was first published on January 7 , 1934 .
If the beam is to be centered onto 4-quadrant diodes , no Analog-to-digital converter is needed .
William Hull , an American general during the American Revolutionary War and War of 1812
In pathology , it specifically refers to a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin .
Thomas Hobbes ( 5 April 1588 -- 4 December 1679 ) was an English philosopher , remembered today for his work on political philosophy .
It is a branch of continuum mechanics , a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms , that is , it models matter from a macroscopic viewpoint rather than from a microscopic viewpoint .
It borders the United Arab Emirates on the northwest , Saudi Arabia on the west and Yemen on the southwest .
Cole began his career with Arsenal in 1999 , going on to make 228 appearances , scoring 9 goals for the club , and winning two Premier League titles , three FA Cups and a runners-up medal from the 2006 UEFA Champions League Final .
Conditions can be a specific time during development \/O/ life of the organism or limitation to a specific tissue , for example .
Marriage Among Muslims : Preference and Choice in Northern Pakistan By Hastings Donnan , ISBN 90-04-08416-9 , 9789004084162 The tribe speak the Dhundi-Kairali dialect.Pahari-Potwari The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir , and the Murree Hills area .
Yoon C. K. January 21 2000 .
1917 & ndash ; Ella Fitzgerald , American singer ( d. 1996 )
The repressive or dormant latency stage of psychosexual development preceded the sexually mature genital stage of psychosexual development .
Shane 's mood swings continued and created friction among his alliance .
The idyllic place was called Shangri-la , a Tibetan word meaning '' Heaven on earth '' .
While some special software packages exist , to allow customized editing , they are typically not available when traveling to other computers for wiki-editing .
Among many volumes of poetry , Les Contemplations and La LÃ gende des siÃ cles stand particularly high in critical esteem , and Hugo is sometimes identified as the greatest French poet .
Hattusili III ( Hittite : '' from Hattusa '' ) was a king of the Hittite empire ( New Kingdom or Late Empire ) ca .
In general , Maritimers were spared the anticipated damage .
An integer sequence may be specified explicitly by giving a formula for its nth term , or implicitly by giving a relationship between its terms .
Breakaway is the second studio album by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson , released on November 30 , 2004 .
Towards the end of 1889 he was called to the University of Bologna , his home city , where he worked for the rest of his life on subjects such as the Zeeman Effect , ` Roentgen rays ' , magnetism and the results of Michelson 's experiments .
However , whereas other theropods walked with three toes contacting the ground , fossilized footprint tracks confirm that most dromaeosaurids held the second toe off the ground in a hyperextended position , with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight of the animal .
Trace the IP address ( e.g. http://www.domaintools.com/ ) and add to the user talk page of the address .
The third group , Morganucodon and similar animals , were mammaliformes or the '' stem-mammals '' .
In 2004 , Diamir District was bifurcated and the district of Astore was created from Diamir 's easternmost tehsil .
A public school was completed during December , 1871 and lessons commenced there in 1872 .
The Chir Pine , Pinus roxburghii , named after William Roxburgh , is a pine native to the Himalaya .
The lake 's size varies from 12 to 100 square miles ( 30 to 260 square kilometers ) , depending on the season .
The Biafo Glacier is a 63 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the Northern Areas , Pakistan which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude of 5,128 m ( 16,824 feet ) at Hispar La ( Pass ) to create the world 's longest glacial system outside the polar regions .
It was announced on 16 September that d'Ambrosio would replace Lucas di Grassi at Virgin on four occasions during Friday practice : at the Singapore , Japanese , Korean and Brazilian Grands Prix .
Fabio Capello ( born 18 June 1946 ) is a retired Italian footballer and current manager of the England national football team , having started the role in January 2008 .
Uniform numbers are placed on the back of baseball uniforms and sometimes also on the front or sleeve .
Uncle Bill '' Tappy '' Tapia ( born January 1 , 1908 ) is an American musician , born in Honolulu , Hawaii , of Portuguese parents .
Previously , the position was held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 until his succession by Johnson .
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Notetaking program
The X-Files : I Want to Believe became the second movie based on the series , after the original 1998 film adaptation , The X-Files : Fight the Future .
Mamluk sultan Baibars of Egypt invades the weakening kingdom of Makuria to the south .
Tschermak was a grandson of a man who taught Mendel botany during his student days in Vienna .
Early recordings were of poor quality , though not by design but by budget constraints , and bands such as The Circle Jerks , Reagan Youth , Flipper , Naked Raygun , and Minor Threat recorded only as a means to promote the live show and document the sounds they were making .
A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan to the affected areas .
Healesville Sanctuary , or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park , is a zoo specializing in native Australian animals .
Several corporates , celebrities and organizations have undertaken efforts towards awareness , volunteering and fundraising events that they will organize during the Joy of Giving Week .
Mülheim an der Ruhr , also called '' City on the River '' , is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany .
The species is strongly migratory , seeing two summers each year as it migrates from its northern breeding grounds along a winding route to the oceans around Antarctica and back , a round trip of about 70,900 km ( c. 44,300 miles ) each year . This is by far the longest regular migration by any known animal .
Archeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since roughly 2000 BC .
Le Guin has received five Hugo awards and six Nebula awards Index to SF Awards : Ursula Le Guin , and was awarded the Gandalf Grand Master award in 1979 and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America Grand Master Award in 2003 .
MÃ genwil is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Club Atlético River Plate , known also as River Plate ( ) or simply River , is an Argentine sports club best known for its football team , established in 1901 .
Belle does not make the connection between the handsome prince and the Beast and becomes convinced that the Beast is holding the prince captive somewhere in the castle .
Paul Naftel , a Guernsey artist , sketched it , and the drawing appeared in Ansted & Latham 's book , The Channel Islands ( 1862 ) .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School , also known as PA Cyber , is a public virtual charter school based out of Midland , Pennsylvania .
It includes more than 13,000 articles and 6,000 photographs and maps related to Jewish history , Israel , U.S.-Israel relations , the Holocaust , anti-Semitism , and Judaism .
A supercentenarian ( sometimes hyphenated as super-centenarian ) is someone who has reached the age of 110 years , something achieved by only one in a thousand centenarians ( based on European data ) .
( prounounced '' Zeh-vee-us '' as per the phonetics of the original Japanese ( katakana ) rendering , '' Zee-vee-us '' as per television advertising by the American licensor ) is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game by Namco , released in 1982 .
Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
Excalibur is the legendary sword of King Arthur , sometimes attributed with magical powers or associated with the rightful sovereignty of Great Britain .
Nickel Creek 's first two albums were Little Cowpoke ( 1993 ) and Here to There ( 1997 ) .
Avon , Ontario , in the province of Ontario
Force India Formula One Team Limited , trading as Force India F1 , is a Formula One motor racing team .
The patron saint of the Order is St Andrew .
They are members of the Southern Football League Division One Midlands .
During the first half of the 20th century , the movement grew to encompass three major age groups each for boys ( Cub Scout , Boy Scout , Rover Scout ) and , in 1910 , a new organization , Girl Guides , was created for girls ( Brownie Guide , Girl Guide and Girl Scout , Ranger Guide ) .
Barnes and Noble review : Diana Krall .
In a secret addition to the pact , the Baltic states , Finland , Romania , and Poland are divided between the two nations .
Their unique blend of bluegrass , rock , country , and Cajun\/Zydeco , which the band calls '' Polyethnic Cajun Slamgrass '' , has found favor with the jam band scene .
Slovenia is a member of the European Union , the Eurozone , the Schengen area , the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , the Council of Europe , NATO , UNESCO , WTO , OECD and UN .
It was initially thought that the dark region might be a lake of a fluid or at least tar-like substance , but it is now clear that Huygens landed on the dark region , and that it is solid without any indication of liquids .
Eurogamer awarded Red Dead Redemption an 8\/10 , stating that it '' successfully re-clothes the Grand Theft Auto framework in an exciting , distinct and expertly realized scenario '' .
The larva spins a nest out of silk on the ceiling of the cave and then hangs down as many as 70 threads of silk ( called snares ) from around the nest , each up to 30 or 40 cm long and holding droplets of mucus .
Saint-Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Geography According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 1,302 square miles ( 3,371 km ² ) , of which , 1,298 square miles ( 3,363 km ² ) of it is land and 3 square miles ( 8 km ² ) of it ( 0.25 % ) is water .
Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one , an adaptation to body shape that is also found in snakes .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
Many people in Islamic countries also see Islam manifested politically as Islamism .
There are three known types ( flavors ) of neutrinos : electron neutrino , muon neutrino and tau neutrino , named after their partner leptons in the Standard Model ( see table at right ) .
The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom is the oldest of HM Armed Forces ( and is therefore known as the Senior Service ) .
From 1826 to 1918 , Gotha was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
Corinthians World Champion The first edition of the FIFA Club World Championship took place in Brazil in 2000 .
The film starts on the first anniversary of Cinderella and Prince Charming 's wedding , where Jaq , Gus and the Fairy Godmother are surprising the couple with a picnic in the woods .
Her father is of German and Norwegian ancestry and her mother is of Italian and Irish ancestry .
She commented that the novel '' is the most probable fiction I have ever read '' and had become '' at present the fashionable novel '' .
After playoff victories against the Houston Oilers , Cleveland Browns , and San Diego Chargers , the Raiders clinched their second NFL championship in five years with a 27 10 win over the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XV .
His best-known works include Steppenwolf , Siddhartha , and The Glass Bead Game ( also known as Magister Ludi ) which explore an individual 's search for authenticity , self-knowledge and spirituality .
After experiencing fluctuations in the decades immediately after Indian independence , the economies of South Indian states have registered higher than national average decadal growth over the past three decades .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
-- )
For sanitary reasons , military tent cities place toilet , shower , and laundry facilities at least 50 f from living quarters .
Sayre is a city in and the county seat of Beckham County , in Western Oklahoma , the United States .
Schöneberg is a locality of Berlin , Germany .
ISBN 978-0971119802 Roberts , Jane and Robert F. Butts ( 1972 ) .
Mirandan sulci are named after the locations of plays by Shakespeare .
Opposition leader Aleksander Kozulin is among several protesters arrested .
The first stadtholder of the Dutch Republic was William I of Orange , who joined with Dutch nationalists and led the struggle for independence from Spain .
Glasgow was announced as the host city for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in November 2007 , and Hampden will host the athletics events .
Year by year A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
Radiological examination of his bones showed '' age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration '' in these areas , including osteochondrosis and slight spondylosis in the lumbar spine and wear-and-tear degeneration in the knee and especially the ankle joints .
Frières - Faillouël is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Gagarin 's planned flight activities needed clear weather and no outboard tanks .
A tuxedo is an ensembl ( or outfit ) of clothing which includes a dress shirt , a bow tie , dress pants , a tuxedo suit jacket , dress socks , leather dress shoes , and sometimes a vest .
Piraeus is the third largest municipality in Greece with an official population of 175,697 ( in 2001 ) .
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe that entered the late Roman Empire during the 5th century .
Obtaining reliable blood pressure measurements relies on following several rules and understanding the many factors that influence blood pressure reading .
Oxford English Dictionary , Second Edition In a more specific sense , theism refers to a doctrine concerning the nature of a monotheistic God and his relationship to the universe .
These letters have helped historians to construct details about the life of Jane Austen .
'' Desperation '' ( Remix ) - 3:37
Francisco José Rodrigues da Costa , OIH ( born 1 December 1974 in Lisbon ) , commonly known as Costinha ( ) , is a retired Portuguese footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
Richard Russell '' Rick '' Riordan , Jr. ( born June 5 , 1964 ) is the author of the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series .
He was only 27 years old , the youngest U.S. Representative at the time .
Mario Ignacio Regueiro Pintos ( born 14 September 1978 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for Club AtlÃ tico LanÃ s in Argentina .
While later critics have noted that Stowe 's female characters are often domestic clichÃ s instead of realistic women , Stowe 's novel '' reaffirmed the importance of women 's influence '' and helped pave the way for the women 's rights movement in the following decades .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight .
_ Kornberg
Ru .
MontsÃ '' rs is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
See also : Yatton , Herefordshire
Sugiyama : 111 Teotihuacanos practiced human sacrifice : human bodies and animal sacrifices have been found during excavations of the pyramids at Teotihuacan ; and it is believed that when the buildings were expanded , sacrifices were made to dedicate the new building .
5 × Galloping Gobbler Award
He is also known for being a master of two styles of satire : the Horatian and Juvenalian styles .
Bowell backed legislation , already drafted , that would have forced Manitoba to restore its Catholic schools , but then postsponed it due to opposition within his Cabinet .
Coombs suffered a stroke on September 10 , 2001 , and died on September 18 , 2001 in Toronto , Ontario at the age of 73 .
Time.com / Title The title is taken from the first line of the third stanza of the poem Non Sum Qualis eram Bonae Sub Regno CynaraeRPO - Ernest Dowson : Non Sum Qualis Eram Bonae sub Regno Cynarae by Ernest Dowson : '' I have forgot much , Cynara !
Richard Mentor Johnson ( October 17 , 1780 or 1781 -- November 19 , 1850 ) was the ninth Vice President of the United States , serving in the administration of Martin Van Buren ( 1837 â '' 1841 ) .
The film was released on December 12 , 2006 and had an official soundtrack album released on November 21 , 2006 .
In his 20s and early 30s , von Braun was the central figure in Germany 's pre-war rocket development program , responsible for the design and realization of the deadly V-2 combat rocket during World War II .
Under Chancellor Willy Brandt , Scheel became Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor .
The longest land tunnel in the world , the LÃ tschberg Base Tunnel , is in operation since late 2007 , connecting by rail the town of Frutigen in canton Bern , with the town of Visp in canton Valais\/Wallis .
The tehsil covers an area of 1,115 km ² District Government Toba Tek Singh and is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils , six of which form the tehsil capital Gojra .
Since 1972 , Stockport has been twinned with in Béziers in France .
Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi , best known as Chicão ( January 30 , 1949 & ndash ; October 8 , 2008 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player in defensive midfielder role .
Servais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As a small boy Lermontov listened to stories about the outlaws of the Volga region , about their great bravery and wild country life .
Nearly all of the Moorish dominions in Iberia were lost soon after , with the great Moorish cities of Córdoba and Seville falling to the Christians in 1236 and 1248 respectively .
They made their permanent residence in the town of Ceiba , and lived in a house called '' El Pesebre '' ( The Manger ) .
Slang terms include '' helmet '' , '' nob '' ( or '' knob '' ) , and '' bell end '' , and all refer to its distinctive shape .
See also Ghost Dance , a belief extended among North American Indians that , in its Sioux version , prophesied that the ancestors would come back by train .
In the year 2000 , a vote of IHO member nations defined the term '' Southern Ocean '' as applying only to the waters between Antarctica and 60 degrees south latitude .
In the NHL he played 2 games with the New York Rangers , 80 for the Boston Bruins , 210 as a Leaf and finally 35 as a Philadelphia Flyer to end his career .
It is one of the five American orchestras commonly referred to as the '' Big Five '' .
Guarana ( ) , from the Portuguese guaraná , Paullinia cupana ( syn .
Government The territory is administered from Canberra by the Attorney-General 's Department ( before 29 November 2007 administration was carried out by the Department of Transport and Regional Services ) .
In addition , it has an equal number of sympathetic strings located below the main strings and the fingerboard which are not played directly but vibrate in sympathy with the notes played .
Year 36 ( XXXVI ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Julian calendar .
The Tibetan representatives who signed this document were Agvan Dorjiev , a Buryat , i.e. citizen of Russia , Chijamts , and Gendun-Galsan a Tibetan citizen .
The absence of springs , rivers , and lakes in the immediate vicinity of Tikal highlights a prodigious feat : building a major city with only supplies of stored seasonal rainfall .
Puttad is a small village in KoyilandyTaluk near Perambra in Kozhikode district , Kerala , India .
Saint-Andr Ã - sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Roberto Donadoni ( born 9 September 1963 ) is former Italian international footballer and current manager of Italian Serie A club Napoli .
Thomas Midgley , Jr. ( May 18 , 1889 -- November 2 , 1944 ) , was an American mechanical engineer turned chemist .
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records :
The Socratic method is a negative method of hypothesis elimination , in that better hypotheses are found by steadily identifying and eliminating those that lead to contradictions .
Moreover , after some time , some of these irreducible essential traits of human personality , for some reason or other , and by some mechanism or other , come to reside in other human bodies either some time during the gestation period , at birth , or shortly after birth .
The encyclopedia covers all the general topics , but the Jewish-Israeli emphasis is discernible , principally in articles dealing with Judaism , Jews , and Israel , which go beyond their general world discernible .
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soapy water that forms a sphere with an iridescent surface .
The blood cells are mainly red blood cells ( also called RBCs or erythrocytes ) and white blood cells , including leukocytes and platelets . The most abundant cells in vertebrate blood are red blood cells .
STS-2 was a space shuttle mission by NASA using the Space Shuttle Columbia , that launched on 12 November 1981 .
A V10 engine is a V engine with 10 cylinders in two banks of five with a distinct exhaust note .
1988 & ndash ; The Candle demonstration in Bratislava is the first mass demonstration of the 1980s against the communist regime in Czechoslovakia .
The economy of Trieste , however , fell into a small decline after the city 's annexation to Italy after World War I/O. But Fascist Italy promoted a huge development of Trieste in the 1930s , with new manufacturing activities related even to naval and armament industries ( like the famous '' Cantieri Aeronautici Navali Triestini ( CANT ) '' ) .
The main features are columns by well-known people such as Piers Morgan , and has a particular stance towards gadgets , and as such has been criticised for brand favouritism .
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions , the workplace , and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies .
Its major sports complexes include Ivor Wynne Stadium and Copps Coliseum ; Hamilton is also home to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame museum . The museum hosts an annual induction event in a week long celebration that includes school visits , a golf tournament , a formal induction dinner and concludes with the Hall of Fame game involving the local CFL Hamilton Tiger-Cats at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
The Walt Disney Company began making sequels of most of its animated films for video release beginning with The Return of Jafar ( the sequel to Aladdin ) in 1994 .
Shawn Ashmore as Bobby Drake \/O/ Iceman : He can control the temperature of the moisture in the air around him to create constructs of ice or blasts of cold .
In fiction The Siege of Jerusalem was the climax of the plot of the 2005 movie Kingdom of Heaven directed and produced by Ridley Scott .
He is noted for his military tactics and prowess , commanding the forces of Medina and those of his immediate successors of the Rashidun Caliphate ; Abu Bakr and Umar .
His father , James Buchanan McAllister , was a British civil servant , originally from Glasgow ( where the family still has relatives ) , stationed in West Berlin since 1969 , where he was attached to the Royal Corps of Signals .
Examples may include :
History Rhenium ( Latin Rhenus meaning Rhine ) was the next-to-last naturally occurring element to be discovered and the last element to be discovered having a stable isotope .
The music video for '' Bootylicious '' , directed by Matthew Rolston , showed Destiny 's Child performing dance steps from Michael Jackson 's famous '' Billie Jean '' performance from the special ' .
The assistance of English Crusaders will result in friendly relations between England & Portugal for decades .
This page lists all inorganic chemical compounds of chlorine .
On April 5 , 2007 , as deputies pounded on his front door responding to an anonymous call to his home in the Tealside section of Lithia , Winter shot himself and died instantly .
The company is owned by the Christian conservative Philip Anschutz , who has said he expects their movies '' to be entertaining , but also to be life affirming and to carry a moral message . ''
Azad Kashmir has been considered politically , constitutionally and geographically as part of a separate state , i.e. Jammu & Kashmir .
After World War II Iceland became member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ( NATO ) , but not of the European Union .
A vast undertaking , de Soto 's North American expedition ranged throughout the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Following the 2005 federal election , which his party lost , after three weeks of negotiations he stood down as Chancellor in favor of Angela Merkel of the rival Christian Democratic Union .
Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water 's Grammy Award winning 1977 album Hard Again , produced by Johnny Winter .
Although Fairfax County is the most populous jurisdiction , Virginia Beach is the most populous city in Virginia and the 41st largest city in the United States , with an estimated population of 440,415 in 2008 .
Zapata County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas .
Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a new definition for the concept of species .
He has played a key role in the success of the Turkish national squad , and it was at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , where Turkey finished third , that he earned a selection to the tournament 's All Star team .
-- )
Battledress , in the general sense , is the type of uniform used as combat uniforms , as opposed to ` display ' dress or formal uniform worn at parades and functions .
Their material contains elements of power metal and symphonic metal .
In a 2007 interview with MTV , Radcliffe stated that , for him , Harry is a classic coming of age character : '' That 's what the films are about for me : a loss of innocence , going from being a young kid in awe of the world around him , to someone who is more battle-hardened by the end of it . ''
Masashi Miyazawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Port-au-Prince has food-processing plants as well as soap , textile , and cement factories .
, madÄ ris ) is the Arabic word ( of Semitic origin ; viz Hebrew midrash ) for any type of educational institution , whether secular or religious ( of any religion ) .
He was born Prince Beommin ( ë ë 1\/4 , æ æ ) , and took the name Munmu when he succeeded his father to the throne .
According to the movie Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) Harlem Globetrotters : Six Decades of Magic (/O1988/O) , Haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second .
The American Robin begins to breed shortly after returning to its summer range .
At the start of the ratings war in 1995 through to mid-1996 , Raw and Nitro exchanged victories over each other in a closely contested rivalry .
Henry John Temple , 3rd Viscount Palmerston , KG , GCB , PC ( 20 October 1784 & ndash ; 18 October 1865 ) , more popularly known simply as Lord Palmerston , was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century .
Faction ( literature ) , a type of historical novel rooted in fact Faction ( Planescape ) , political factions in the game , Planescape Guild Wars : Factions , a computer game developed by ArenaNet Faction 28 , a music channel on SIRIUS Satellite Radio The Faction , a Punk rock band .
The 2009 -- 10 Chicago Blackhawks season is the club 's 83rd season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
In her career so far , she has won 6 singles titles and 37 doubles titles , including three Grand Slam women 's doubles titles ( 1 with Frenchwoman Julie Halard-Decugis and 2 partnering Belgian Kim Clijsters ) .
They sing about their personal hardships , relationships , and desires .
Jamie Anderson at Allmusic As of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
This dwarfs even the better-known alligator snapping turtle , the largest chelonian in North America , which attains a shell length of up to and a weight of about .
Avon ( village ) , New York , within the town
Since 1 January 2010 , the new-article rate is currently : per day , computed hourly ( current hour : ) , with the rate typically 15 % lower during the Spring months , but higher in August .
This tradition originates from the Tokugawa period when the population of Edo ( Tokyo ) , being considerably wealthier than the rural poor , were more susceptible to beri beri due to their high consumption of white rice , which is low in thiamine .
The current archbishop is the Most Reverend Rowan Williams .
Population : 9,700 ( 2005 est . )
Born a granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom , she was given the name Alexandra Feodorovna upon being received into the Russian Orthodox Church , which canonised her as Saint Alexandra the Passion Bearer in 2000 .
It is the state bird of both Maine and Massachusetts , and the provincial bird of New Brunswick in Canada .
Parks The main parks in the city are : Santander Park ( in Spanish , Parque Santander ) , the main park of the city located in front of the city hall .
Good quality oregano may be strong enough to almost numb the tongue , but the cultivars adapted to colder climates often have a lesser flavor .
In the 1910s , Repulse Bay was developed into a beach , and the Repulse Bay Hotel was built in 1920 .
Daniel Barenboim ( born November 15 , 1942 ) is an Argentinian-born pianist and conductor .
The Toledo name was first introduced to the SEAT line-up in May 1991 , with the third and more recent generation was introduced in late 2004 as a 2005 model year car .
The large ones are known as maria ( seas ) and the small ones as lac s ( lakes ) .
The Soviet blockade of Berlin was lifted at one minute after midnight , on 12 May 1949 .
In biology , a Biological system ( or Organ system ) is a group of organs that work together to perform a certain task .
In 1983 , Pavitt moved to Seattle and started a record store , Fallout , as well as write a Sub Pop column for The Rocket , and host an independent-label specialty show on KCMU .
Keating grew up in Bankstown , a working-class suburb of Sydney .
The modern chemical symbol for sodium , Na , is an abbreviation of that element 's New Latin name natrium , which was derived from natron .
Music .
Howard H. Callaway May 15 , 1973 â '' July 3 , 1975 Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford
The original intention was to number the locomotives 958 to 960 , following on from the steam locomotives of the Z class , but as delivered they were numbered 1 to 3 in a separate list from the SR 's steam locomotives .
The first six to finish move on to the second round , in which they must complete a brainteaser with four written clues to guide them .
After performing in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood , he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school .
Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE ( born 17 November 1960 ) is an English television and radio presenter , best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross from 2001 until he left the BBC in 2010 .
This latter enthused Adriano Díaz , who donated a terrain where the High School was going to be constructed .
The Bathurst 1000 ( currently called the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 ) is a touring car race held annually at Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Scale ( album ) , an album by electronic artist Matthew Herbert
During her lifetime , Olga 's future marriage was the subject of great speculation within Russia .
Joel Hastings Metcalf ( January 4 , 1866 â '' February 23 , 1925 ) was an American astronomer .
Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice , but he was turned down .
Khulna Division is one of the seven divisions of Bangladesh and is located in the south-west of the country .
Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts , including fruit gels , puddings and no-bake cream pies .
It is illegal for a player to make a move that would put or leave his own king in check .
The race was traditionally run on the first Sunday in October but is now held on the second Sunday .
' is for quickly generating category tags related to birth and death years , including living people and missing or unknown values .
According to transportation engineers , traffic lights can have both positive and negative effects on traffic safety and traffic flow .
Scottish-born actor Mark McManus played the part of Kelly 's friend Joe Byrne .
At a meeting of the owners and governors , Conn Smythe rendered his resignation as Toronto 's
Peter Fox ( born Pierre Baigorry ; also known as Enuff and Pete Fox ) Born 3 September 1971 is a German reggae and hip hop musician from Berlin .
The '' cut-throat '' mode of play is also known as '' triangles '' .
Plastids may contain 60-100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes .
Goodnews Bay is located on the north shore of Goodnews Bay at the mouth of Goodnews River , at ( 59.121408 , -161.585835 ) .
A total of 12.16 i was recorded in Coyuca de BenÃ tez .
The SS was formed in 1925 as a personal guard unit for Nazi leader Adolf Hitler ( '' Die Schutz-Staffel der NSDAP '' Squadron of the NSDAP ) .
Unsuccessful in Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann elections in 1948 and 1951 , he was re-appointed as Attorney General in 1951 and in 1953 he was appointed as the youngest member of the Supreme Court by his mentor , de Valera .
Paul Frederic Simon ( born October 13 , 1941 ) is an American singer-songwriter .
These restrictions still left considerable leeway for countries to allow production , internal trade , and use of cannabis for recreational purposes .
The top of the minaret is always the highest point in mosques that have one , and often the highest point in the immediate area .
Morcourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Capparis decidua is commonly known as kerda , kair , karir , kirir , karril , etc. .
Portals originated in the Polish and German Wikipedias .
See Interstate 880 for the American freeway
On Sundays between 2.30 pm and 5.30 pm a speakers ' forum takes place on the library forecourt , where orators take turns in speaking on various subjects .
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild , foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either .
As time passes , the risk of damage to the heart muscle increases ; hence the phrase that in myocardial infarction , '' time is muscle , '' and '' time wasted is muscle lost '' .
Tucker temporarily left the group when she became pregnant with her first child , Kerry '' Trucker '' Tucker , in early 1970 .
The Province of Savona ( Italian : Provincia di Savona ; Ligurian : Provinsa de Sann-a ) is a province in the Liguria region of Italy .
House had been retired from the music business for many years , working for the New York Central Railroad , and was completely unaware of the international revival of enthusiasm for his early recordings .
It is a principal component of most types of glass and substances such as concrete .
When King Henry died , the castle became the property of his son , Edward VI of England , who gave it to his uncle , Thomas Seymour who he made Lord of Sudeley .
Atlanta Falcons ( )
However , a few hours later , the depression began weakening again , and late on August 19 Erin weakened significantly as the circulation dissipated over northeastern Oklahoma .
Rubidium compounds are sometimes used in fireworks to give them a purple color .
The circular motion of the wheel was changed to back-and-forth motion of the saw blade by a connecting rod known as a pitman arm ( thus introducing a term used in many mechanical applications ) .
Klingnau is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The forest service began using colorful posters to educate Americans about the dangers of forest fires .
Air mass classification involves three letters .
Newport Pagnell became the headquarters of Newport Pagnell Rural District under the Local Government Act 1894 . In 1897 Newport Pagnell became the sole civil parish comprising the newly created Newport Pagnell Urban District .
Formed in 1965 , Pink Floyd initially earned recognition for their psychedelic or space rock music and , as they evolved , for their progressive rock music .
Pure sulfur mustards are colorless , viscous liquids at room temperature .
Pope Leo XIII ( 2 March 1810 - 20 July 1903 ) , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci to an Italian comital family , was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , reigning from 1878 to 1903 in succession to Pope Pius IX .
The crater Delporte on the Moon is named after him .
After a period of recuperation in Florida , Graham was hired as the first full time evangelist of the new Youth for Christ International which was co-founded by Torrey Johnson and evangelist Charles Templeton .
It lies on the Pierian plain , between Mt. Olympus and the Thermaikos Gulf , at an altitude of 14 m/O. The town , which is one of the newest in Greece , has a population of 56,576 ( according to the 2001 census ) .
It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken , a legendary sea monster .
Mal receives a call from Inara , a former passenger .
Born in 1857 in Cincinnati , Ohio , into the powerful Taft family , Taft graduated from Yale College Phi Beta Kappa in 1878 , U.S. Presidents Who Are Phi Beta Kappa Members , Phi Beta Kappa website , accessed October 4 , 2009 and from Cincinnati Law School in 1880 .
Leif Erikson Day is an annual American observance occurring on October 9 .
Mézières - sur-Ponthouin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler ( January 25 , 1886-November 30 , 1954 ) was a German conductor and composer .
Scott wrote in his private journal in 1826 , in what later became a widely quoted comparison :
This changed the electoral boundaries from Limerick East and Limerick West to Limerick City and Limerick .
Crafts experienced a surprising expansion , and there were around 15 guilds active in the town ; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild were the ones to survive for the longest time .
Complex numbers were first conceived and defined by the Italian mathematician Gerolamo Cardano , who called them '' fictitious '' , during his attempts to find solutions to cubic equations .
Lake Helen is a city in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
Individual drivers are used to reproduce different frequency ranges .
Seeking revenge , Lotso pulls Woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the garbage .
The simulated crab meat product kanikama ( short for kani-kamaboko ) , the best-known form of surimi in the West , is a type of kamaboko .
Popular fable is that the bridge was designed and built by Sir Isaac Newton without the use of nuts or bolts , and at some point in the past students or fellows attempted to take the bridge apart and put it back together .
In English , the name is sometimes spelled Belau in accordance with the native pronunciation .
.
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo , from which a stream with an 80 m. waterfall flows .
Throughout his career , he has been an advocate for civil rights and humanitarian causes , and was a vocal critic of the policies of the George W. Bush Administration .
References External links De Fide , a non-profit association , uses Canon Law to defend the Roman Catholic Church from Heresy by filing lawsuits in Ecclesiastical Court , seeking the excommunication of impenitent offenders .
Burgess Hill is situated in the Sussex Weald , 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Brighton , and about 4.5 miles ( 7.5 km ) south of Haywards Heath .
There are dozens of colleges and universities throughout the state .
Furbies sold for over $ 300 in newspapers and in auctions .
But the third edition of the book , published in 1810 , omits the character Juba , and instead has Lucy betrothed to one James Jackson .
The United States Secretary of State is the head of the United States Department of State , concerned with foreign affairs .
Arcens is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Heinz Kubsch ( 20 July 1930 24 October 1993 ) was a German football goalkeeper .
While the History traced how each branch of the sciences had evolved since antiquity , Whewell viewed the Philosophy as the '' Moral '' of the previous work as it sought to extract a universal theory of knowledge through the history he had just traced .
Insectivorous insects , or insects which feed on other insects , are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures . For example , aphids feed on crops and cause problems for farmers , but ladybugs feed on aphids , and can be used as a means to get significantly reduce pest aphid populations .
The knobbed whelk , Busycon carica , is a species of very large predatory sea snail , or in the USA , a whelk , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the busycon whelks .
On May 26 Lindström was arrested in central Sydney , and bail was denied .
Scott left in July 2001 , after the release of the single '' Wolf at the Door '' , apparently due to musical differences with Rice-Oxley , the other songwriter of the band .
Burgebrach is a market town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community ( Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ) of Burgebrach .
The earliest known example is the one constructed by Crates of Mallus in Cilicia ( now Ã ukurova in modern-day Turkey ) , in the mid-2nd century BCE .
The data to be encoded is often called the '' message '' , and the hash value is sometimes called the message digest or simply digest .
Cushions and rugs can be used temporarily outside , to soften a hard ground .
In some operating systems running on some hardware , switching between threads belonging to the same process is much faster than switching to a thread from different process ( because it requires more complicated process context switch ) .
The angle of view created by a telephoto lens is the same as that created by an ordinary lens of the same specified focal length .
Cabo San Lucas ( , Cape Saint Luke ) , commonly called Cabo , is a city at the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula , in the municipality of Los Cabos in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur .
Wikio Italy web site Wikio is a European search engine for news and blogs .
California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s because of concerns over radioactive waste disposal .
Game Informer gave the game a 9.25 \/O/ 10 , and the reviewer said '' I ca n't think of any better way to kill a long plane ride '' .
2006 & ndash ; The first Kazakh space satellite , KazSat is launched .
There the stranger is revealed , in blessing and breaking the bread , as the resurrected Jesus before he disappears .
When drawing up boundaries for the London Boroughs , the Government had initially suggested that Metropolitan Borough of Lambeth and the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark should be merged to form a new borough , with the southern and eastern section of the Metropolitan Borough of Wandsworth ( including Clapham , Streatham and Tooting ) forming another .
The ingredients of traditional soda bread are flour , bread soda , salt , and buttermilk .
The size of the subwindows is variable , so the user is able to hide the commands window .
The probably most famous Swiss literary creation , Heidi , the story of an orphan girl who lives with her grandfather in the Alps , was one of the most popular children 's books ever and has come to be a symbol of Switzerland .
It is the central area around which the ancient Roman civilization developed .
Ned , Dan , Joe Byrne and Steve Hart now turned to bank robbery .
The province of A Coruña ( also : , and Corunna in English ) is the most North-western Atlantic-facing province of Spain , and one of the four provinces which constitute the autonomous community of Galicia .
Unlike other principalities , Moscow was not divided among his sons but was passed intact to his eldest .
Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody film directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and produced by Paul Schiff .
Jasseron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
55 850 to 858 Emperor Montoku Michiyasu Traditional dates .
Powderfinger was an Australian rock band that formed in Brisbane in 1989 .
The Queanbeyan River runs through Queanbeyan , near the centre of the city and this area surrounding the river boast some of the highest house prices in the district .
He discovered fertilization of sea urchins , he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis : in 1876 , he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell .
Books William Cecil Dampier , '' The theory of experimental electricity '' .
Initial computer models forecast the low-level circulation to turn southwestward and re-emerge into the Gulf of Mexico .
When she was 19 , she signed with Donald Trump 's modeling agency , T Management .
Green Eggs and Ham is a best-selling and critically acclaimed book by Dr. Seuss , first published in 1960 .
Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered the final match and Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title without play .
His mother , Regina Wender Fischer , was an American citizen of Polish Jewish descent , born in Switzerland and raised in St. Louis , Missouri .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologists known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution incorporating genetics .
The five known manuscripts of the Gettysburg Address differ in a number of details and also differ from contemporary newspaper reprints of the speech .
The events lead to the Treaty of Nerchinsk .
Mars is named after the mythological Roman god of war because it is a red planet , and red is the colour of blood .
The band 's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a 1986 compilation album for C/Z Records called Deep Six .
Rouvres is a commune in the département of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Their current drummer is Pete Parada , formerly of Face to Face and Saves the Day , who has been with the band since 2007 .
Native applications for Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 and Mac OS X ( Intel only ) are available through Google Labs .
In 1880 he became ordinary professor in physics at the University of Palermo , where he studied the conduction of heat and electricity in bismuth .
Floudès is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
ISBN 966-00-0590-3 ( 4 ) Pyrohy or pirogi ( plural ) are full-sized pies , while pyrizhky or pirozhki ( , ) are individual-sized buns that can be eaten with one hand .
; Second form His second form is similar to his father King Cold , much larger , both in height and muscle mass , Frieza claiming to have at least doubled his power ( of over 1,000,000 ) in this state .
Subiaco is a town in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar , Jeff Ament on bass guitar ( both ex-members of Mother Love Bone ) , Mike McCready on lead guitar , Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder providing lead and backing vocals .
Avatar : The Last Airbender is a 61-episode , Emmy Award-winning American animated television series written and created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko .
His orchestrations of other composers ' works drew frequent criticisms , so when in 1929 he made an orchestral transcription of Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D minor , he presented it as a transcription by a Russian composer called Paul Klenovsky .
Many lemon-flavored drinks and candies are available , including lemonade and lemonheads .
Although the work is uncritical and probably much interpolated , and the value of the articles is very unequal , it contains much information on ancient history and life .
Book Of Dreams ( # 2 , 1977 ) also included three successes : '' Jet Airliner '' ( # 8 ) , '' Jungle Love '' ( # 23 ) , and '' Swingtown '' ( # 17 ) .
T.S. Eliot Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats
Each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology , namely : Wood , Fire , Earth , Metal , and Water .
It tracked steadily northwestward , and attained tropical storm intensity on October 11 .
From February 1990 , he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh .
The last such sheep and lamb fair was held in 1913 .
Meadowbrook Farm is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
To play duck on a rock most effectively , Naismith soon found out that a soft lobbing shot was far more effective than a straight hard throw , a thought which later proved essential for the invention of basketball .
The Peloponnese , Peloponnesos or Peloponnesus ( ; see also List of Greek place names ) is a large peninsula ( technically an island since the 1893 construction of the Corinth Canal ) and region in southern Greece , forming the part of the country south of the Gulf of Corinth .
Wimereux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
date unknown & ndash ; Hosokawa Katsumoto , Japanese warlord
A contemporary and lifelong friend of Beethoven , Reicha is now best remembered for his substantial early contribution to the wind quintet literature and his role as a teacher â '' his pupils included Franz Liszt and Hector Berlioz .
The Travelcard is an inter-modal travel ticket for unlimited use on the London Underground , London Overground , Docklands Light Railway , Tramlink , London Buses and National Rail services in the Greater London area .
At Baccaro Point , 224 mm ( 8.8 in ) of rain was reported , while 145 mm ( 5.8 in ) fell at Sambro , near Halifax .
Thiernu is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jethro , Moses ' father-in-law , came to see Moses and brought Moses ' wife and two sons with him .
The primary sources of information regarding Siddh rtha Gautama 's life are the Buddhist texts .
According to the 2007 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 8,705 .
FNMTV ( officially Feedback New MTV ; informally Friday Night MTV ) was a music video program on MTV focused on premiering new music videos and airing viewers ' instantaneous feedback from its website .
Neuilly-Saint-Front
Torchwood is a British science fiction television program created by Russell T Davies .
Formerly owned by Trans World Communications , EMAP and now by Bauer Radio and is part of the company 's Big City Network of stations .
In a rainy season this river flow with lot of water and millions of gallons of water moves down to the Arabian Sea .
On 11 January 1954 , the first in-vision weather forecast was broadcast , presented by George Cowling .
27 -- 29 March 1941 , Battle of Cape Matapan .
A passing loop ( also called a passing siding , crossing loop , crossing place or , colloquially , a hole ) is a place on a single line railway or tramway , often located at a station , where trains or trams in opposing directions can pass each other .
He discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry .
A coefficient is usually a constant quantity , but the differential coefficient of f is a constant function only if f is a linear function .
A cache is a block of memory for temporary storage of data likely to be used again .
Harvey W. Wiley , the '' father '' of the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S. , challenged the safety of benzoate which was banned in the 1906 Pure Food and Drug Act .
It incorporated three sets of modified Caprotti valve gear , relatively new to British locomotive engineering , and more efficient than Walschaerts or Stephenson valve gear .
At the age of 18 , Strauss , his mother and two sisters sailed for the United States to join his brothers Jonas and Louis , who had begun a wholesale dry goods business in New York City called J. Strauss Brother & Co. .
Each cnidocyte cell contains an organelle called a cnidocyst ( or nematocyst ) , which comprises a bulb-shape capsule containing a coiled hollow thread-like structure attached to it .
Her father , William M. Ryan , Sr. , was a sailor , gold miner , and truck farmer of Irish descent .
Constructed in 1937 , with additions in 1959 , the bridge spans the United States-Canada border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region , from which it derives its name .
In fact , two or more minerals may have the same chemical composition , but differ in crystal structure ( these are known as polymorphs ) .
The county is served by the Carteret County Public School System .
Inchy-en-Artois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Clearly , they can not execute at the same time , and the second instruction ca n't be executed before the first .
As well as these principal conductors , the orchestra has had several notable guest conductors , including Arturo Toscanini , who made a series of commercial recordings with the orchestra in Queen 's Hall from 1937 to 1939 , which were released by His Master 's Voice in the UK and RCA Victor in the US .
The book was released in multiple versions including hardcover , paperback , and audio editions and has been translated into multiple languages and published all over the world .
October & ndash ; English troops under John Talbot , 1st Earl of Shrewsbury , land in Guyenne , France , and retake most of the province without a fight .
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park , released on October 24 , 2000 through Warner Bros. .
Wayne Mark Rooney ( born 24 October 1985 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team .
The White Nights Festival consists of a series of classical ballet , opera and music events and includes performances by Russian dancers , singers , musicians and actors , as well as famous international guest stars .
Dinosaurs are a diverse group of animals that were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years , from the late Triassic period ( about 230 million years ago ) until the end of the Cretaceous ( about 65 million years ago ) .
Watson was cast as Hermione at the age of nine , having previously acted only in school plays . From 2001 to 2010 , she starred in seven Harry Potter films alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint ; she will return for the final installment : the second part of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
In the 2000 's , pop punk outfit Green Day produced two Grammy-winning concept albums 2004 's American Idiot and 2009 's 21st Century Breakdown ' '' 21st Century Breakdown '' follows Green Day 's '' American Idiot , '' the politically charged concept album from 2004 that has sold more than five million copies domestically and an estimated 12 million worldwide/O. , The Morning After ` American Idiot ' , The New York Times .
The next morning , after passing over the state , Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico , reintensified back to hurricane strength , and due to the warm waters of the Loop Current , began undergoing rapid deepening .
The terms graphite-reinforced polymer or graphite fiber reinforced polymer ( GFRP ) are also used but less commonly , since glass - ( fiber ) - reinforced polymer can also be called GFRP .
Helsinki has Finland 's largest fairgrounds .
Statistics of Austrian Football Bundesliga in the 1995/1996 season .
He has won about 30 tournaments in his professional life , including tournaments at Wijk aan Zee ( in 1992 and 1994 ) and first places in Biel ( 1993 ) , Dos Hermanas ( 1994 ) , Belgrade ( 1995 ) , Tilburg ( 1996 ) , MalmÃ ( 1999 ) and Pamplona ( 2004 ) .
Mullah Mohammed Omar ( ; born c. 1959 ) , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Today there are thousands of Cayce students and more than 300 books written about Edgar Cayce .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
Gamarthe is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
Harnoncourt and his wife Alice Harnoncourt have raised four children .
( born February 20 , 1981 ) is an American musician , best known as the mandolinist and a vocalist for the progressive acoustic trio Nickel Creek .
Saint-Jean-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
His professors were some of the greatest economists : Nobel prize winners James Tobin and Thomas Schelling , to name a couple .
Eurythmics - previously unreleased bonus track on 2005 remaster of the album Touch (/O1983/O)
For instance , common window glass is an amorphous solid , many polymers ( such as polystyrene ) are amorphous , and even foods such as cotton candy are amorphous solids .
Puntland is a region in northeastern Somalia , centered on Garowe in the Nugaal province .
DolnÃ KrupÃ is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1934/1935 season .
In the Prose Edda , Njord was introduced as '' the third among the Æsir '' , and among the Asynjur , Freyja is always listed second only to Frigg .
On Sunday morning , while most of the Borough is at church , Ellen talks with John , the apprentice .
A quantum mechanical system or particle that is bound , confined spatially , can only take on certain discrete values of energy .
( This '' soft lock '' has been proposed as a built-in software feature in , and is already a feature of other wiki software . )
In architecture and building engineering , a floor plan , or floorplan , is a diagram , usually to scale , showing a view from above of the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Schneider decided to live and to work in France , slowly gaining the interest of film directors such as Orson Welles for The Trial ( 1962 ) , based upon Franz Kafka 's The Trial and was introduced by Delon to Luchino Visconti .
reference
The trap contains a fluid of the plant 's own production , which may be watery or syrupy and is used to drown the prey .
Almost immediately , Jenna Morasca and Heidi Strobel offered to take off all of their clothes if they were provided with chocolate and peanut butter .
1147 & ndash ; The Portuguese , under Afonso I , and Crusaders from England and Flanders conquer Lisbon after a four-month siege .
The wing is a classic example of convergent evolution in action .
Nucleobases ( or nucleotide bases\/nitrogenous bases\/aglycones ) are the parts of DNA and RNA that may be involved in pairing ( see also base pairs ) .
Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval , 2nd Earl of Egmont , the second son of the earl 's second marriage .
Statistics of Football League of Ireland in the 1946/1947 season .
Eschatology covers the death of human beings , their souls after their bodily death , the total destruction of this world , the resurrection of human souls , the final judgments of human deeds by Allah after the resurrection , and the rewards and punishments for the believers and non-believers respectively .
The Foo Fighters are an American hard rock band from Seattle , Washington , formed in 1995 .
Kiribati became independent from the United Kingdom in 1979 .
Ancient toys were often made by the parents and family of the children who used them , or by the children themselves .
The capital city of Alberta is Edmonton , located just south of the centre of the province .
The organization has reported extensively on the anti-war movement and helped to put Cindy Sheehan on the map by publishing many of her writings .
Toulenne is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Consadole Sapporo .
When he failed to show up for the pay-per-view , viewers were informed that he was unable to compete due to a '' family emergency '' and he was replaced in the title match by Johnny Nitro .
These further aerobic reactions use pyruvate and NADH + H + from glycolysis .
A rare , hard , blue-gray , lustrous transition metal , tantalum is highly corrosion resistant and occurs naturally in the mineral tantalite , always together with the chemically similar niobium .
Cable modems and VoIP With the advent of Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) telephony , cable modems have been extended to provide telephone service .
He composed solo piano music , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music , and orchestral music .
Léaupartie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Cabrillo Beach is a popular destination for those interested in water sports , such as windsurfing , kayaking and scuba diving .
He competed in the 1959 world championship in the Netherlands in the individual pursuit and professional road race , finishing fourth in both .
William Jonathan Drayton , Jr. ( born March 16 , 1959 ) , better known by his stage name Flavor Flav , is an American rapper and television personality who rose to prominence as a member of the rap group Public Enemy .
The inhabitants of the three villages were buried in mass graves by a bulldozer .
Dalwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah TehsilTehsils & Unions in the District of Chakwal and is located at 32 42 ' 0N 72 52 ' 60ELocation of Dalwal - Falling Rain Genomics
image_skyline = Tulcea .
Economy The economy of San José de Ocoa is based on agriculture ; the main crops are coffee , beans and potato .
5 There is a multitude of dates that could be considered to mark independence ( see Independence of New Zealand ) .6 Number of people who usually live in New Zealand .7 The Chatham Islands have a separate time zone , 45 minutes ahead of the rest of New Zealand .8 The territories of Niue , the Cook Islands and Tokelau have their own cctlds , .
The 1960s was the decade that started on January 1 , 1960 , and ended on December 31 , 1969 .
During this time , Burnham became friends with Baden-Powell , and passed on to him both his outdoor skills and his spirit for what would later become known as Scouting .
Alan Parker directed the film , with Madonna in the title role , Antonio Banderas as Che and Jonathan Pryce as PerÃ n/O. The film was nominated for five Academy Awards , winning one for Best Original Song ( '' You Must Love Me , '' composed especially for the film ) .
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The wingspan measures 4.5 to 6.8 cm .
Monroe consistently refused to take direction from Wilder , or insisted on numerous retakes of simple scenes until she was satisfied .
The islands experienced considerable economic difficulties following the collapse of the fishing industry in the early 1990s , but have since made efforts to diversify the economy .
43 Ariadne is a fairly large and bright main-belt asteroid .
'' No Doubt : Recording New Album Runs Rings Around Saturn '' .
Origin and use of the term Before the rise of the NSDAP , the term Wehrmacht generically described the domestic armed forces , of any nation , being used as the '' home defence '' version of the German Streitmacht or foreign war forces , thus , Britische Wehrmacht denoted '' British defence forces '' .
A three-dimensional object rotates always around an imaginary line called a rotation axis .
Repentance is an act recognized in Judaism , Christianity , Islam , and other religions .
Ralf Sigvard EdstrÃ m ( born 7 October 1952 in Degerfors ) is a former Swedish footballer .
It is the largest such region in terms of area , covering including Bristol , Gloucestershire , Somerset , Dorset , Wiltshire , Devon , Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly .
Theodore '' Ted '' Strickland ( born August 4 , 1941 ) was the 68th Governor of Ohio , serving from 2007 to 2011 .
It is part of the chain of the Lesser Sunda Islands , with the Lombok Strait separating it from Bali to the west and the Alas Strait between it and Sumbawa to the east .
Besides '' cooked '' , other common hints that the clue contains an anagram are words such as '' scrambled '' , '' mixed up '' , '' confused '' , '' baked '' or '' twisted '' .
The Giant Crane Fly ( Holorusia rubiginosa ) of the western United States can reach 38 mm ( 1.5 inches ) .
I really was not preparing myself for the future at all .
This is the last large-scale crusade of the Middle Ages .
Krill occur in all oceans of the world .
Monocytes are usually identified in stained smears by their large kidney shaped or notched nucleus .
See Armenian Highland for the geographical region .
In Western philosophy , language has long been closely associated with reason , which is also a uniquely human way of using symbols .
Real property and personal property are the two main subunits of property in English Common Law .
The Natural Park of Maremma lies in the province http://www.parco-maremma.it .
At the 2006 census , Tibooburra had a population of 161 .
More modern 90 Â V6 engine designs avoid these vibration problems by using crankshafts with offset split crankpins to make the firing intervals even , and often add balancing shafts to eliminate the other vibration problems .
Allen Hill 's pastorate was short lived at approximately 4 months .
His marriage to the African-American dancer caused shock and disapproval in his social circles , but the ostracized couple remained together .
She wrote the books Oboe Technique and the three-volume Oboist 's Companion , and her autobiography Living with Glorious John .
Montcornet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
She died on October 18 , 1982 from congestive heart failure ; a private funeral service was held October 21 , afterwards she was buried beside her husband in the courtyard of the Harry S. Truman Library .
Cressida is an inner satellite of Uranus .
The game is played by facing teams who strike ( not catch ) the ball with either a bare or gloved hand .
It was the first British paper to include a singles chart , which first appeared in the 14 November 1952 edition .
Rau died in Berlin on 27 January 2006 .
Like many eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine .
It has been declared a town only recently , in 2004 , and it contains , beside the main town of Dolhasca , another seven villages .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf lies at the center of the Lower Rhine basin , on a River delta , where the DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine .
Lauscha is a town in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
In 1815 , at the start of the Bourbon Restoration , Louis XVIII traded with her the HÃ tel Matignon for the Ã lysÃ e Palace .
Wimbledon station is a National Rail , London Underground , and Tramlink station located in Wimbledon in the London Borough of Merton , and is the only London station that provides an interchange between rail , Underground , and Tramlink services .
During the Civil War a battle took place here in 1648 , resulting in victory for the Parliamentarian forces .
Montenescourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
One kind of scientific skepticism refers to the critical analysis of claims lacking empirical evidence .
He was one of the original three animators ( along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp ) on The Simpsons ' Tracey Ullman shorts and subsequently directed a number of The Simpsons episodes ( many of which had John Swartzwelder as an episode writer ) before becoming supervising director at King of the Hill .
Olympic Flame , eternal flame used as a symbol for the Olympic Games
The Clean Tech Revolution ( PDF ) p. 3 .
Transcription is often confused with transliteration , due to a common journalistic practice of mixing elements of both in rendering foreign names .
Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Arabic : , Coptic : B - ) ( born 14 November 1922 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations ( UN ) from January 1992 to December 1996 .
In 2000 , she resigned as director of Mary Quant Ltd. , her cosmetics company , after a Japanese buy-out .
Chak Umra is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Along with Truman Capote , Joan Didion , Hunter S. Thompson , John McPhee , and Tom Wolfe , Mailer is considered an innovator of creative nonfiction , a genre sometimes called New Journalism , which superimposes the essay onto the nonfiction novel .
The steam generated by : Biomass The sun as the heat source : solar parabolic troughs and solar power towers concentrate sunlight to heat a heat transfer fluid , which is then used to produce steam .
It was the late 18th century that argument arose on his real existence .
Period = from :0 till :35000
The Redfern Riots on the evening of Saturday 14 February 2004 was an event in the inner Sydney suburb of Redfern sparked by the death of Thomas ` TJ ' Hickey , a 17 year old Indigenous Australian .
Species from different parts of the world easily hybridize , which has given rise to the many types of garden roses .
Sun Quan died in 252 at the age of 70 .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , et al. .
Jerome Lester '' Jerry '' Horwitz ( October 22 , 1903 â '' January 18 , 1952 ) , better known by his stage name Curly Howard , was an American comedian and vaudevillian .
Qutb ud-Din proclaims the Mameluk dynasty in India , the first dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate .
Flaviac is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France .
Guise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The Lakes of Titan , a moon of Saturn , are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassini -- Huygens space probe , and had been suspected long before .
Cadmium compounds were used to stabilize plastic . With the exception of its use in nickel-cadmium batteries and cadmium telluride solar panels , the use of cadmium is generally decreasing in its other applications .
Colombia also shares maritime borders with Jamaica , Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica .
He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the Japanese monarchy , being subsequently released in 1904 and going to the United States .
For example , Hathor was worshipped as a nighttime protector in desert regions ( see Serabit el-Khadim ) .
Huygens probe The Huygens probe , supplied by the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and named after the 17th century Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens , scrutinized the clouds , atmosphere , and surface of Saturn 's moon Titan in its descent on January 15 , 2005 .
Roosevelt was responsible for the eventual establishment , in 1964 , of the 2,800 acre ( 11 km2 ) Roosevelt Campobello International Park on Campobello Island , New Brunswick , Canada .
One of his first acts as an emperor was to publicly order a halt to trials based on treason charges , which had long plagued the principate .
The league played two full season ( 1996-97 and 1997-98 ) and started a third ( 1998-99 ) before it folded on December 22 , 1998 .
That same year , baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team .
Tattingstone is a village in Babergh district in Suffolk , about 6 m south of Ipswich with a population over 500 . It is the location of Tattingstone Place and also of the folly known as the Tattingstone Wonder .
While the Countess and Cherubino are waiting for Susanna 's return , they suddenly hear the Count arriving , so Cherubino hides in the closet .
Rolling Hills is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Bobcat hunts by stalking its prey and then ambushing it with a short chase or pounce .
People did not like this idea and many people did not like Freud because he thought it was important .
A special feature is the smart encoding , which allows you to use 2 encodings at the same time ; you can send Unicode and read Unicode and CP-1252 for example .
El Puerto is an excellent place to sample local tapas and seafood , for which it is famous .
CrO2Cl2 is so aggressive that its storage can be problematic as it attacks rubber and most plastics as well as greases .
The Red Kangaroo breeds all year round .
Election results , French Ministry of the Interior On 16 May 2008 , she was made a knight in the French National Order of Merit , proposed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as '' chair of an international foundation '' .
Shawn Crahan ( # 6 ) Active : 1995 -- present Instruments : custom percussion , backing vocals Release contributions : all Slipknot releases Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was initially the sole drummer for a short period of time .
At age 36 , Jindal became the youngest current governor in the United States .
Mohammad Rez Sh h Pahlavi , Shah of Iran , ( Persian : ; 26 October 1919 -- 27 July 1980 ) , was the emperor of Iran from 16 September 1941 , until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on 11 February 1979 .
At age twelve , he won the prestigious national mandolin championship at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield , Kansas .
Jan Schlaudraff ( born 18 July 1983 in Waldbröl ) is a German footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96 , primarily as a striker .
Bishan currently has 3 shopping centres .
Joan Mondale , wife of Walter Mondale .
Teramo is a city and comune in the central Italian region of Abruzzo , the capital of the province of Teramo .
Buxton is within the sphere of influence of Greater Manchester due to its close proximity to the area .
The Kansas-Missouri border area became the first battlefield in the conflict over slavery and southern secession that led to the American Civil War .
These can be placed anywhere on the page , and can incorporate text , graphics and embedded objects .
Cinderella 's Enchanted Castle Activity
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany ( GDR ) ( 1946-52 )
The most common feature is a cross with a rosette or a solar disc below it .
Accessed 2009.09.18 .
Kagome Higurashi is one of the main protagonists of the series .
Jorge Luis Dely Valdes ( born March 12 , 1967 in Colon , Panama ) is a Panamanian football player , one of the best of his generation .
On the north-side , the mountain borders the Drôme département .
From 1998 to 2007 , Chrysler and its subsidiaries were part of the German based DaimlerChrysler AG ( now Daimler AG ) .
Many artistic developments took place during the Edo Period .
Stratford station is a large multilevel railway station in Stratford , east London .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 , 1947 .
( The cordillera occidental , central , and oriental ) .
Improvisation became an important influence on her initial understanding of what it means to be an actress , as she noted in an interview for The Believer in November 2003 :
It intends to serve as an all-in-one solution for audio and video recording , editing , and other forms of media production .
Hirson is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Story of a Trooper ; with much concerning the Campaign on the Peninsula , ( 1861 -- 1862 , ) N. York , 1865 , 12mo .
In 1996 , Serge Vaudenay found a known-plaintext attack requiring 28r + 1 known plaintexts to break , where r is the number of rounds .
A straight-8 can be timed for inherent primary and secondary balance , with no unbalanced primary or secondary forces or moments .
Evening is the period between the late afternoon and night when daylight is decreasing , around dinner time .
The southern mountains form a barrier between the San Fernando Valley and the Los Angeles Basin , separating '' the Valley '' on the north and west-central Los Angeles on the south ; and the northern mountains separate the Conejo Valley from Malibu .
She is also Governor of the London School of Economics and the Open University .
Jamie Cullum - '' Frontin ' '' ( originally by Pharrell )
Before being taken over by the BBC , the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel , at first operated by United Artists Cable and funded by a consortium of British cable operators . The Parliamentary Channel launched as a cable-exclusive channel in 1992 .
Subdivisions The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Dabban , Daloa and Naroka .
The Council was the first effort to attain consensus in the church through an assembly representing all of Christendom .
Curitiba has a topography of smooth rounded hills , giving a relatively regular shape .
'' Gallery '' , Haji Noor Deen .
Saint-C Ã me is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The thyroid gland is found in the neck , inferior to ( below ) the thyroid cartilage ( also known as the ` Adam 's Apple ' ) and at approximately the same level as the cricoid cartilage .
Sea level on the Great Barrier Reef has not risen significantly in the last 6,000 years .
Cosworth has had a long and distinguished career in Formula One , beginning in 1963 .
Westphalia instituted the legal concept of sovereignty , which essentially meant that rulers , or the legitimate sovereigns , had no internal equals within a defined territory and no external superiors as the ultimate authority within the territory 's sovereign borders .
Ripa played her sister , a soap opera star whose character was killed off , leading her to move in with Hope 's family .
Max Martin
The Core brand comprised two branches : the Duo ( dual-core ) and Solo ( Duo with one disabled core , which replaced the Pentium M brand of single-core mobile processor ) .
Guerrero and Barr 's first break would come when they were noticed in late 1994 by the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling , Paul Heyman , and were approached about wrestling for him in 1995 .
The city of Tizimín is the municipal seat and is located at about 160 km east of Mérida , Yucatán , 200 km west of Cancún , Quintana Roo , and 42 km south of Río Lagartos , the city 's traditional sea port on the Gulf of Mexico .
The Parable of the Faithful Servant ( or Parable of the Door Keeper ) is a parable of Jesus found in three out of the four Canonical gospels in the New Testament .
Thomas Spurgeon ( 20 September 1856 17 October 1917 ) was a British Reformed Baptist preacher of the Metropolitan Tabernacle , one of two non-identical twin sons of the famous Charles Haddon Spurgeon ( 1834-1892 ) .
Further appendages are found on the abdomen , with each segment capable of carrying a pair of biramous pleopods , the last of which form part of the tail fan ( together with the telson ) and are called uropods .
In the second week of March 2009 , Karthikeyan tested for the Kolles Le Mans Team .
Gregory Lenoir Allman ( born December 8 , 1947 in Nashville , Tennessee ) , known as Gregg Allman ( sometimes spelled Greg Allman ) , is a rock and blues singer , keyboardist , guitarist and songwriter , best known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band .
During the Immunity Challenge , Kim performed very badly and it seemed that she was throwing the challenge , while Koror 's '' buddy system '' brought them to another Immunity win .
On March 28 , 1794 , the president of the commission which developed the metric system , Joseph Louis Lagrange , proposed in a report to the commission the names dÃ ci-jour and centi-jour ( deciday and centiday in English ) .
The Catholic Church , Eastern Orthodox churches , Oriental Orthodox churches , Lutheran churches and Anglican Communion consider Peter a saint .
Stewardship of Cockatoo Island was handed to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust in 2001 to plan a new chapter for the island as publicly-owned urban park .
Terrorism After the Cold War : Trends and Challenges by Michael Radu (/O2002/O) Latin America by Robert B. Kent ( ISBN 978-1572309098 ) , page 141Organized Crime : From Trafficking to Terrorism by Frank G. Shanty and Patit Paban Mishra ( ISBN 978-1576073377 ) , page 323
In the first stage , light-dependent reactions or light reactions capture the energy of light and use it to make the energy-storage molecules ATP and NADPH . During the second stage , the light-independent reactions use these products to capture and reduce carbon dioxide .
YouTube is a video-sharing website on which users can upload , share , and view videos .
Gesualdo died in isolation , at his castle Gesualdo in Avellino , three weeks after the death of his son Emanuele , his first son by his marriage to Maria . One twentieth-century biographer has suggested Gesualdo may have been murdered by his wife .
Freedom of the City is an honor bestowed by some municipalities in Australia , Canada , Ireland , France , Italy , New Zealand , South Africa , the United Kingdom , and Zimbabwe to esteemed members of its community or to organizations that have given the community heroic service ; the term applies to two separate honors , one civilian and one military .
Both worked in Tasmania for a few months , but on 4 February 1839 Gilbert went to the Swan River settlement .
We then gave three hearty cheers for the flag , the emblem of civil and religious liberty , and may it be a sign to the natives that the dawn of liberty , civilization , and Christianity is about to break upon them .
A religious denomination is a subgroup within a religion that operates under a common name , tradition , and identity .
This list of shipwrecks is a list of those sunken ships whose remains have been located .
Encyclopedia2 .
Reux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
For the role of Simon 's sister , River Tam , Whedon called in Summer Glau for an audition and test the same day .
Prior to 1900 , library facilities at Hiram College consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : Delphic , Hesperian , and Olive Branch .
She was born Evelyn Rothwell , and was known professionally by that name until after she was widowed , when she became known as Evelyn Barbirolli .
Hy-Vee ( ) is an employee-owned chain of supermarkets located in the Midwestern United States .
Its boundaries have changed considerably over time , but nowadays the region is considered to include parts of five Balkan countries : Greece , the Republic of Macedonia , Bulgaria , Albania , Serbia , as well as Kosovo .
While Bruni and Machiavelli used the term to describe the non-monarchial states of Northern Italy , res publica has a set of interrelated meanings in the original Latin .
Karel Svoboda was born in Prague , Czechoslovakia ( now Prague , Czech Republic ) and began his career as a pop composer after abandoning medicine in his third year of university .
He has been credited with the industrialization of the Republic of Korea through export-led growth .
Hyphenation is also routinely used to avoid unsightly spacing in justified texts ( for example , in newspaper columns ) .
Traditionally , resistors were used to limit the initial current .
Genus Heteromys
The battle of Kosovo was an important victory for the Ottomans .
The Möbius strip or Möbius band ( or in English , in German ) ( alternatively written Mobius or Moebius in English ) is a surface with only one side and only one boundary component .
The Rupal Valley is located in the Astore District of Pakistan 's Gilgit-Baltistan region .
It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling , camogie , rounders and shinty .
Smoot was born in Yukon , Florida .
War of the Austrian Succession First battle of Cape Finisterre : The British Navy defeats a French fleet .
'' Aias '' redirects here .
In 2003 , he played a villainous role in the third installment of the Spy Kids trilogy Spy Kids 3-D : Game Over which was a huge box office success ( almost $ 200 million worldwide ) .
This electronic review , currently called Hawk-Eye , is available at a limited number of high-level ATP tournaments .
The earliest solid proof of its existence dates from the 7th century ; a Chinese monk , I-Tsing , wrote that he visited Srivijaya in 671 for 6 months .
Apart from a few countries with an abundance of hydro power , this energy source is normally applied to peak load demand , because it is readily stopped and started .
Nine teams each played 48 games .
The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV produced since 2002 by the South Korean automaker Kia Motors .
The Imperial House of Japan , p. 29 .
During the 1960s , he was involved in extra-marital affairs with Nichelle NicholsNichelle Nichols , Beyond Uhura : Star Trek and Other Memories , G.P. Putnam & Sons , New York , 1994 .
The valley is highly irrigated , well peopled , and crowded with small fortified villages , orchards and groves , to which a fine background is afforded by the dark pine forests and alpine snows of the Safed Koh .
Starting in 1989 , Swedish medical doctor and scientist Staffan Lindeberg , now associate professor at Lund University , Sweden , led scientific surveys of the non-westernized population on Kitava , one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua New Guinea .
The following are point-and-click adventure games .
Both Anvil of Stars -- a sequel to The Forge of God -- and Moving Mars postulate a physics based on information exchange between particles , capable of being altered at the '' bit level . ''
Some genera ( e.g. Cordyline and Dracaena ) are sometimes separated off into a separate family , Dracaenaceae , though recent research has tended to incorporate these into a larger family Ruscaceae .
Jerry Seinfeld , , Bill Hicks , Sam Kinison , Louis C.K. , Bill Cosby , Lewis Black , Jon Stewart , Stephen Colbert ,
Elected from its members are the Gedeputeerde Staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the Commissaris van de Koningin appointed by the Crown .
The Sint Maarten national football team is the football team of Sint Maarten , the Dutch half of the Saint Martin island which was part of the former Netherlands Antilles ( not to be confused with the team of the French half , the Saint-Martin national football team ) and is controlled by the Sint Maarten Soccer Association .
June January 17 -- Pope Gregory XI moves the Papacy back from Avignon to Rome .
At Ancestry.com Her father , John Stewart , is a stage manager and television producer who has worked for Fox .
The band consists of Ben Kowalewicz ( lead vocals ) , Ian D'Sa ( lead guitar and backing vocals ) , Jon Gallant ( bass guitar and backing vocalist ) and Aaron Solowoniuk ( drums and percussion ) .
Claremore is a city and the county seat of Rogers County , Oklahoma , United States .
His elder brother Sun Ce carved out a warlord state in the region , based on his own followers and a number of local clan allegiances .
Treaty of Nice , a treaty adopted in Nice by the European Council
The ` Nagami ' kumquat requires a hot summer , ranging from 25 Â C to 38 Â C ( 77 Â to 100 Â F ) , but can withstand frost down to about -10 Â without injury .
Initially , there were no stores or traffic lights in Parkland , though this changed in the early 2000s . Parkland is also one of the wealthiest cities in Florida , and is home to many celebrities .
The official language of West Punjab was Urdu but most of the population spoke Punjabi using the Shahmukhi script .
There was considerable resistance on the part of Nupedia 's editors and reviewers to the idea of associating Nupedia with a website in the wiki format , so the new project was given the name '' Wikipedia '' and launched on its own domain , wikipedia.com , on January 15 ( now called '' '' by some users ) .
In Greek mythology , Cratos was a son of Pallas and Styx , and he was the personification of strength and power .
BBC Radio 7 ( known until 4 October 2008 as BBC 7 ) is a British digital radio station broadcasting comedy , drama , and children 's programming nationally 24 hours a day .
Born in New York City , New York , he worked for The Walt Disney Company as a character designer and story artist beginning in 1933 on the Mickey Mouse short , '' Mickey 's Gala Premiere '' .
Rosignano Marittimo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno .
The city has about 115,426 inhabitants and is thus the second largest city of the region .
Croydon Palace was the summer residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury for over 500 years and included regular visitors such as Henry III and Queen Elizabeth I/PERSON. It is thought to have been built around 960 .
Raul has spent most of his career playing for Spanish club Real Madrid until 2010 and is the club 's all-time top goalscorer .
The identical Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes were designed with the possibility of a Grand Tour in mind , and their launches were timed to enable the Grand Tour if things went well .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter located on the north side of Pittsburgh .
The town is one of the fastest growing towns in all of Ireland .
In Italian a tent pole is known as l'antenna centrale , and the pole with a wire alongside it used as an aerial was simply called l'antenna .
Pongidae Elliot , 1913
Kansas is an American rock band that became popular in the 1970s initially on Album-Oriented Rock charts , and later with hit singles such as '' Carry On Wayward Son '' and '' Dust in the Wind '' .
Electrophysiology ( from Greek , Ä '' lektron , '' amber '' ( see the etymology of '' electron '' ) ; , physis , '' nature , origin '' ; and , - logia ) is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues .
Furthermore , half of the opera takes place in a historical setting , and half takes place in the mythological Venusberg .
In the first seven seasons , there were only sixteen contestants .
The Bahrain Grand Prix ( ) is a Formula One Championship race which first took place at the Bahrain International Circuit on 4 April 2004 .
This day is a public holiday for all working within metropolitan Melbourne , but not for country Victoria .
The town was located at the center of a sizable region between the Klokotnitsa , Harmanliyska , and Maritsa rivers .
The word '' Do Aabi '' means '' the land between two rivers '' and this dialects is spoken between the rivers of Beas and Sutlej .
On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job with Air Australia , her car suffers a flat tire .
Vaishali or Vesali ( Pali ) was the capital city of the Licchavi , one of world 's first democratic republics , in the Vajjian Confederacy ( Vrijji ) mahajanapada , around the 6th century BC .
Riftia pachyptila lives over a mile deep and up to several miles deep on the floor of the Pacific Ocean near black smokers and can tolerate extremely high temperatures and sulfur levels .
The wolverine is distributed primarily in remote reaches of the Northern boreal forests and subarctic and alpine tundra of the Northern hemisphere , with the greatest numbers in Alaska , Canada , the Nordic countries of Europe and throughout western Russia and Siberia .
Yasuo Manaka ( born 31 January , 1971 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Lacon is a city in , and the county seat of , Marshall County , Illinois , United States .
Although mechanical bulls are still routinely used for rodeo training , they are also utilized as an amusement ride , both as a mobile rental ( i.e. , party entertainment ) and stationary entertainment found in bars , restaurants , and clubs .
Shooto ;
Vasily Jakovlevich Zinger ( February 11 , 1836 â '' March 2 , 1907 ) was a prominent Russian mathematician , botanist and philosopher .
The following year , she became a pupil of Géza Maróczy , considered one of the top chess masters of the early decades of the 20th century .
European exploration in the area began in 1815 and was followed two years later by John Oxley passing through the area on an expedition to explore the inland .
In 2003 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked Allman at # 2 in their list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time ; second only to Jimi Hendrix .
United Paramount Network ( UPN ) was a television network that was broadcast in over 200 markets in the United States from 1995 to 2006 .
Brand New Eyes is the third album by American Alternative rock band Paramore , released September 29 , 2009 through Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada .
Such a building may be called an apartment building , especially if it consists of many apartments for rent .
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone , also called 91C .
It is the only one of the five copies to be privately owned .
In its first season , The West Wing garnered nine Emmys , a record for most won by a series in its first season .
Adaptation to the Arctic Spitz types are well suited to living in harsh northern climates .
The official and vernacular language is Hungarian , which is part of the Finno-Ugric family , thus one of the four official languages of the European Union that are not of Indo-European origin .
On May 19 , 1962 , Monroe made her last significant public appearance , singing '' Happy Birthday , Mr. President '' at a birthday party for President John F. Kennedy at Madison Square Garden .
CeyzÃ rieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
T is the twentieth letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
These mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall .
On 11 November 1869 , Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel , Prince of Naples , afterwards Victor Emmanuel III of Italy .
Infraclass Holostei ( gars and bowfins )
Class 371 , Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family of trains intended to operate services in the south-east of England .
The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Taluka and is administratively subdivided into two union councils .
A triode is an electronic amplification device having three active electrodes .
There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery , with over 150 annual internments .
County capitals of Romania A municipality ( municipiu in Romanian , from Latin municipium ) is a level of administrative subdivision in Romania .
The first train carried 20 containers with a capacity of around and will travel from Islamabad , through Tehran , Iran and on to Istanbul in two weeks ' time .
James Douglas '' Jim '' Morrison ( December 8 , 1943 -- July 3 , 1971 ) was the lead singer and lyricist of American band The Doors .
The peat in the world 's peatlands has been forming for 360 million years and contains 550 Gt of carbon .
The county has a major international airport , the Oslo Airport , Gardermoen .
Monteux was so successful in improving the orchestra that NBC began broadcasting some of its concerts and RCA Victor offered the orchestra a new recording contract in 1941 .
Nyssa was created by writer Johnny Byrne for the Fourth Doctor serial The Keeper of Traken , but the production team subsequently decided that she should join the Doctor on his travels .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany ( Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands -- SPD ) is Germany 's oldest political party .
School Excellence Award ( SEA ) , Ministry of Education , 2006 .
Jane Seymour ( 1508 & ndash ; 24 October 1537 ) was Queen consort of England as the third wife of King Henry VIII .
JÃ nos Bolyai ( pronounced ) ( December 15 , 1802 â '' January 27 , 1860 ) was a Hungarian mathematician , known for his work in non-Euclidean geometry .
Access In some countries , for example the UK , utility poles have sets of brackets arranged in a standard pattern up the pole to act as hand and foot holds so that maintenance and repair workers , known as linemen , can climb the pole to work on the lines .
The New Price Is Right ( 1994-1995 ) : A short-lived daily syndicated nighttime version hosted by Doug Davidson .
At the end of each season , members of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association vote to determine the player who was the best defenseman during the regular season .
populationof = popofyear =
Pretoria is contained within the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality as one of several constituent former administrations ( among which also Centurion and Soshanguve ) .
Ethelbert Woodbridge Nevin ( November 25 , 1862 - February 17 , 1901 ) was an American pianist and composer .
Katharine Hope McPhee ( born March 25 , 1984 ) is an American pop singer , songwriter , actress , model , and television personality .
The flowers are tiny , yellow , 5-petalled and are usually in twos and threes in the leaf axils .
Theatre Piper made her stage debut in a touring production of Christopher Hampton 's play Treats , which opened in early 2007 in Windsor .
Melling made his Great Britain debut in the 42-14 victory over the French on June 22 , 2007 , despite carrying an injury .
1928 & ndash ; Marion Ross , American actress
Other well-known Muppets include Sesame Street characters such as Big Bird , Oscar the Grouch , Elmo , Zoe , Bert and Ernie , Cookie Monster , Grover , Abby Cadabby and The Count , as well as the main characters of Fraggle Rock .
Taylor is considered one of the great actresses of Hollywood 's golden age .
It focuses its research on politics , culture , economy , education , environment , science and technology in Wales , with the aim of developing proposals for '' policy innovation and improvement '' and promoting new thinking on Welsh issues .
During the 1970s and 1980s , Schönefeld had its own crossing points through the Berlin Wall and communist fortifications for western citizens .
Silkworm legends In China , there is a legend that the discovery of the silkworm 's silk was by an ancient empress called Xi Ling-Shi .
The province covered an area of 160,622 km , including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory , but excluding the former princely state of Bahawalpur .
The town of Dubai was an important port of call for foreign tradesmen , chiefly those from Iran , many of whom eventually settled in the town .
The 7th century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I/O. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the 2nd century .
Vättern is the second largest lake ( by surface area ) in Sweden , after Lake Vänern and the sixth largest lake in Europe .
The term is not always used consistently : some use it to refer to any extramarital sex , some use it to refer to sex in a casual relationship , whereas others reserve its use for one-time encounters , promiscuity , or to refer to sex in the absence of emotional attachment or love .
The Tillamook are a Native American tribe from Oregon of the Salish linguistic group .
The Goonyella railway line which services a number of coal mines in the Bowen Basin was closed for one week and shipments of grain were also delayed .
Lucas Sang ( 12 February 1961 -- 1 January 2008 ) was a Kenyan athlete who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics , held in Seoul .
On January 1 , 2006 Nazareth had a total population of 10,947 .
Julio Salinas Fernández ( born September 11 , 1962 in Bilbao , Basque Country ) is a former Spanish-Basque footballer , during the 1980s and 1990s .
Another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when Bristol Corporation ( later Bristol City Council ) sent five ` leading citizens ' on a goodwill mission to Hanover .
Jill Tracy Jacobs Biden ( born June 5 , 1951 ) is an American educator and , as the wife of Vice President of the United States Joe Biden , is the Second Lady of the United States .
Fully restored in 2000 , its eight 42 f wide arches reach 70 f above the Stoke Rivers valley -- the largest narrow-gauge railway structure in England .
Rubidium ( Latin : , deepest red ) was discovered in 1861 by Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff in the mineral lepidolite through the use of a spectroscope .
In 1918 â '' 19 VÃ zina won 10 games and helped the Canadiens defeat the Ottawa Senators in the NHL playoffs for the right to play for the Stanley Cup against the PCHA champion , the Seattle Metropolitans .
Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15 â '' 17 , while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16 â '' 18 .
A crescent is a shape , form or symbol .
This release is different to the bonus disc found on the original album 's deluxe edition in that it excludes the remixes of '' SOS '' and of the bonus tracks '' Cry '' and '' Haunted '' .
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and stars Eva Gabor and Phil Harris , with Roddy Maude-Roxby as Edgar the butler , the villain of the story .
If the animal is preyed upon then the behavior or characteristics of its predator can influence how the camouflage develops .
They work closely with the UN and other organizations .
Some studio films released direct-to-video are films which have been completed but were never released .
Though it produced the hit '' Minority '' and a smaller hit with '' Warning '' , some observers were coming to the conclusion that the band was losing relevance , and a decline in popularity followed .
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends is an American animated television series created and produced at Cartoon Network Studios and Boulder MediaPowerpuff Girls 10th Anniversary Interview With Creator Craig McCracken Cold Hard Flash : Flash Animation News , Videos and Links by animator Craig McCracken .
In both the Cloverly and Antlers Formation , Deinonychus remains have been found closely associated with those of the ornithopod Tenontosaurus .
The Microsoft Network debuted as an online service and Internet service provider on August 24 , 1995 , to coincide with the release of the Windows 95 operating system.About.com - Microsoft timeline and profile
On September 23 the area of low pressure moved over the YucatÃ n Peninsula and was producing thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwestern Caribbean Sea .
June 6 & ndash ; The Ashmolean Museum opens as the world 's first university museum .
Tarot cards are used throughout much of Europe to play card games .
Located on the island 's north-western coast , it is the island 's port , with facilities for unloading goods delivered to the island , and the center of the island 's road and communications network .
It averages 4 feet ( 120 cm ) long but may grow to be 6 feet ( 180 cm ) long .
His specialty was animating Mickey Mouse as he was the only one of the Nine Old Men to work on that character from its origins with Ub Iwerks .
( At one point '' Mr Preview '' accuses Eric Morecambe of playing the wrong notes ; Eric retorts that he has been playing '' the right notes , but not necessarily in the right order . '' )
is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ventforet Kofu .
The project consists of Red Hat employees , but in theory operates independently .
Albert Jacka VC , MC & Bar ( 10 January 1893 & ndash ; 17 January 1932 ) was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest decoration for gallantry '' in the face of the enemy '' that can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth armed forces .
From the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment , '' science '' had more-or-less the same sort of very broad meaning in English that '' philosophy '' had at that time .
Eagle automobile , an automotive brand of the Chrysler Corporation from 1988 to 1998
The Advance Wars series on the Game Boy Advance allowed link-play using link cables .
Regions are divided into provinces ( second-level administrative division ) , each headed by a governor ( gobernador ) , appointed by the President .
Paulo Silas do Prado Pereira , best known as Silas ( born August 27 , 1965 in Campinas ) is a former Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
He also took part in Band Aid 20 's re-recording of '' Do They Know It 's Christmas ? ''
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .
Si-mon-ee ) is the crime of paying for sacraments and consequently for holy offices or positions in the hierarchy of a church , named after Simon Magus , who appears in the Acts of the Apostles 8:18 -24 .
Latest version The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2009 Spring ( 2009.1 ) , released on 2009-04-29 .
On June 4 , 2007 , he received his country 's highest decoration , the Gran Cruz de la Orden del Sol del Perú . ''
The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to intensify to hurricane status , though strong vertical shear ultimately prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane .
( 3943 feet ) Location of Jhangi To the south lies the municipality of Abbottabad
At the 2000 census the population was 546 , making it the second largest city in the North Slope Borough .
Could not find area on this page .
The larva , known as the Salt Marsh Caterpillar , is highly variable in color and ranges from pale yellow to dark brownish-black .
Marcionists believed that the wrathful Hebrew God was a separate and lower entity than the all-forgiving God of the New Testament .
Like most of Massive Attack 's albums , the music often defies categorisation , ranging from R&B ( title track , Sly ) to hip hop\/rap ( Karmacoma , Eurochild ) to reggae-tinged synthpop ( Spying Glass ) to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals ( Weather Storm , Heat Miser ) .
In following decades , Burke continued to maintain his Labor party contacts and parliamentary influence , using them to further his career as a pro-business lobbyist .
Lassicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
June 27 & ndash ; Louis XII of France ( d. 1515 )
It is the chief city of the Canton of Calvi , which contains Calvi and one other commune , Lumio .
Scientists anticipate that the craft will reach the heliopause in 2015 .
In addition , it is the terminus of the Stansted Express , a fast link to London Stansted Airport .
East India is a station on Docklands Light Railway ( DLR ) in east London .
It came equipped with productivity tools such as OpenOffice.org 1.1.2 , Mozilla Firefox ( version 1.0 ) web browser , Gaim ( version 1.0 ) , etc. .
In 1953 the city was renamed Stalinogród ( '' Stalin City '' ) by the Polish communist government .
Georg-Christof Bertsch ( \* 30 May 1959 in Seeheim-Jugenheim ) is a German Design Consultant and university lecturer .
Note that the corresponding Mac OS X release may have been released on a different date ; refer to the Mac OS X pages for those dates .
A large jetty makes the Arts Centre accessible by boat .
Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres ( ; 29 August 1780 -- 14 January 1867 ) was a French Neoclassical painter .
Municipal council , a subdivision of France
He played for Brazil national team .
Caesar also married again , this time Calpurnia , who was the daughter of another powerful senator .
Appoggiatura Appoggiatura ( , ) comes from the Italian verb appoggiare , '' to lean upon '' .
The gallon is a measure of volume approximately equal to four liters .
He is usually known by those outside the field of mathematics for his essay from 1940 on the aesthetics of mathematics , A Mathematician 's Apology , which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layman .
For a right-handed player , this means that a backhand begins on the left side of the body , continues across the body as contact is made with the ball , and ends on the right side of the body , with the racquet over the left shoulder .
The original four-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through to 2013 .
Eucalyptus was first introduced from Australia to the rest of the world by Sir Joseph Banks , botanist , on the Cook expedition in 1770 .
Sofia Gubaidulina used the Royal Theme of the Musical Offering in her violin concerto Offertorium ( 1980 ) .
However , problems with Mrs. Thurber about his salary , together with increasing recognition in Europe â '' he had been made an honorary member of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna â '' and a remarkable amount of homesickness made him decide to return to Bohemia .
Heat is transferred from the source , through the '' working body '' of the engine , to the sink , and in this process some of the heat is converted into work by exploiting the properties of a working substance ( usually a gas or liquid ) .
Allison is a city in and the county seat of Butler County , Iowa , United States .
A criterium , or crit , is a bike race held on a short course ( usually less than 5 km ) , often run on closed-off city centre streets .
The school is notable for being the first university in North America to create a Faculty of Mathematics , and for having the largest co-operative education program in the world .
These three dynasties were in constant struggle with each other vying for hegemony over the land .
Big Dogs , based in Santa Barbara , California , was a chain of stores in the United States which features clothing and apparel holding the '' Big Dogs '' brand name .
On 15th March 2008 , the former Councils of Noosa Shire , Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City amalgamated to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council .
It has a total capacity of 6,310 ( 2,590 seated ) so currently has less than 50 per cent of the Scottish Premier League criterion of 6,000 seats .
Switzerland
Geronimo ( Chiricahua : GoyaaÅ Ã , '' one who yawns '' ; often spelled Goyathlay or Goyahkla in English ) ( June 16 , 1829 -- February 17 , 1909 ) was a prominent Native American leader of the Chiricahua Apache who fought against Mexico and the United States for their expansion into Apache tribal lands for several decades during the Apache Wars .
Some frequently occurring examples of these three classes are shown below , with live cells shown in black , and dead cells shown in white .
Normally Egyptian gods were shown in profile , but instead Bes appeared in portrait , ithyphallic , and sometimes in a soldier 's tunic , so as to appear ready to launch an attack on any approaching evil .
The Dreamcast was the first entry in the sixth generation of video game consoles and was released in late 1998 , before its contemporaries -- Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Microsoft 's Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube .
Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
This is the Milner-Barry Gambit , named after Sir Stuart Milner-Barry , considered of marginal soundness by present-day theory , and has never had any proponents at the highest levels of play .
Subcultures have been chronicled by others for a long time , documented , analysed , classified , rationalised , monitored , scrutinised .
Real tennis is still played by enthusiasts on 47 existing courts in the United Kingdom , Australia , the United States , and France .
The Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) is a triennial world-wide test of 15-year-old school children 's scholastic performance , the implementation of which is coordinated by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game released by THQ and developed by YUKE 's Future Media Creators .
'' What does the filler text '' lorem ipsum '' mean ? ''
, named for the setting of the musical play .
He has suffered from Parkinson 's disease for about 15 years , has had hydrocephalus , pneumonia , broken hips , and prostate cancer .
With the onset of the wet season , when the billabongs and swamps start to fill with water , the night air is filled with the sounds of frogs such as the northern bullfrog and the marbled frog .
Milt Gabler eventually became an A&R man for Decca Records , in addition to owning Commodore Records , and he signed Holiday to the label on August 7 , 1944 , when Holiday was 29 .
Throwback uniforms and jerseys are one-time or limited-time variations on a sports team 's uniforms styled to resemble uniforms from that team 's past .
James Benjamin Peake ( born June 18 , 1944 ) is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
It is a parody of '' It 's All about the Benjamins ( Rock Remix ) '' by Sean '' Puff Daddy '' Combs and focuses on the narrator 's obsession with his computer 's hardware .
The film was written and directed by the Wachowski brothers and released simultaneously in sixty countries on November 5 , 2003 .
Oscar Niemeyer was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro in 1907 in Laranjeiras neighborhood , on a street that later would receive the name of his grandfather Ribeiro de Almeida .
A sponsor is the individual or group that provides the support , similar to a benefactor .
Rocks of the Cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms .
She was winner of the first cycle of Germany 's Next Top Model .
None of these bells has survived .
RVD grabbed the briefcase and won the match .
The population was 9,435 at the 2000 census .
From 1939 he collaborated with Eugen Fink at the Husserl-Archives in Leuven .
The University of Florida ( Florida or UF ) is a public land-grant , sea-grant , space-grant major research university located on a campus in Gainesville , Florida , in the United States .
It lies in the valley of Araluen creek , that joins the Deua River at roughly the mid point in its course .
The angle began when Vince McMahon 's son , Shane McMahon , announced on Raw that he bought WCW from under his father 's nose .
The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball franchise based in St. Petersburg , Florida , and are the defending American League champions .
Many plants have several common names , and many common names refer to several distinct plants .
The historical setting dates around 520 BCE before the Temple has been rebuilt . 520 BCE falls between the start of the Persian empire in 539 BCE and 520 BCE a period that saw major kings such as Zerubbabel helped lead the Jews in their return to the land .
He is sometimes nicknamed The Philosopher of Football .
This famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty , attached to a personal form of power named Auctoritas .
It is directed by Brett Ratner , who took over when Bryan Singer dropped out to direct Superman Returns .
The city has a population of 52,740 Ayuntamiento de Puertollano - Informe demográfico ( January 2010 ) (/O2009/O) .
Sicard invited Gallaudet to Paris to study the school 's method of teaching the deaf using manual communication .
Embedded systems control many devices in common use today .
On September 20 , while located 420 miles ( 680 km ) southwest of Cabo San Lucas , Juliette attained a peak strength of 150 mph ( 240 km/h ) , the strongest tropical cyclone of the season .
April 18 -- Boleslaw I Chrobry is crowned as the first king of Poland .
Most larger hospitals are associated with cancer support groups which provide a supportive environment to help patients cope and gain perspective from cancer survivors . Online cancer support groups are also very beneficial to cancer patients , especially in dealing with uncertainty and body-image problems inherent in cancer treatment .
This film is number 100 on Bravo 's 100 funniest movies , and 113 on Empire 's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time .
Fewer people know that he combined his career with that of ordained Anglican clergyman .
Phocidae : ( true seals or earless seals ) comprise around 19 species of highly aquatically adapted , barrel-shaped animals ranging from 45 kg and 1.2 meters in length ( the Ringed Seal ) , to 2,400 kg and 5 meters ( Southern Elephant Seal ) .
Modelled on the British public schools , throughout the first part of its history the College both influenced and was influenced by government and maintained a reputation as a Tory bastion from its founding .
Hybrid Theory is the debut album by American rock band Linkin Park , released on October 24 , 2000 through Warner Bros. .
James was a popular performer in the late 1970s and 1980s , scoring four # 1 hits on the U.S. R&B charts performing in the genres of funk and R&B .
In the fall of 1554 Foxe moved to Frankfurt , where he served as a preacher for the English church ministering to refugees in the city .
11 The Empire-Builder from Calisota 24 D 93288 Uncle Scrooge # 295 The story take place between 1909-1930 .
Stegosaurus ( Diracodon ) laticeps was described by Marsh in 1881 , from some jawbone fragments .
The Chinese inventor Zhang Heng ( 78 â '' 139 ) was the first in history to apply motive power in rotating the astronomical instrument of an armillary sphere , by use of a water wheel .
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People , first published in 1989 , is a self-help book written by Stephen R. Covey .
The Alaska Range is a relatively narrow , 650-km-long ( 400 mi ) mountain range in the southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska , from Lake Clark at its southwest end to the White River in Canada 's Yukon Territory in the southeast .
Every year the city hosts a large Remembrance Day memorial service , the largest in the UK outside of London in 2006 .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south , the two monuments are broadly contemporary overall .
Arya is able to give directions to the exact location of the Varden : a city called Tronjheim , which sits in the mountain Farthen DÃ '' r/O. She also adds that they have only four days to reach the Varden or she will die . The group go in search of the Varden , both to save Arya 's life and to escape Galbatorix 's wrath .
Approximately 320km ( 200mi ) in length , the Yaqui flows south and southwest to empty into the Gulf of California .
Selenium monochloride was originally produced by the chlorination of selenium . Currently , it is generated by the reaction of selenium , selenium dioxide , and hydrochloric acid : 3 Se + SeO2 + 4 HCl â ' 2 Se2Cl2 + H2O
Temerin town has a population of 19,143 , and Temerin municipality 28,201 .
This sport and its champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Karl Philipp Moritz , Christian Joseph Jagemann , Richard Colt Hoare , Jacob Burckhardt , William Wetmore Story , Giacomo Leopardi , Edmondo de Amicis , Giuseppe Baretti , Antonio Francesco Grazzini , Ottavio Rinuccini , Gabriello Chiabrera , Tommaso Grossi , Giuseppe Gioachino Belli .
Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
A brewery is a dedicated building for the making of beer , though beer can be made at home , and has been for much of beer 's history . A company which makes beer is called either a brewery or a brewing company .
Construction paper ( sugar paper ) is a tough , coarse , colored paper .
On November 3 , 2008 a work by Malevich entitled Suprematist Composition from 1916 set the world record for any Russian work of art and any work sold at auction for that year , selling at Sothebyâ s in New York City for just over $ 60 million U.S. ( far surpassing his previous record of $ 17 million set in 2000 ) .
January 23 & ndash ; Henry VIII of England , then 18 years old , appears incognito in the lists at Richmond , and is applauded for his jousting before he reveals himself .
, and '' Oh , yes it is ! ''
Tristan , overjoyed , asks if her ship is in sight , but only a sorrowful tune from the shepherdâ s pipe is heard .
A nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal 's eggs and/or provide a place to live or raise offspring .
The album was not recorded digitally , but rather on tape .
Arbace comes with news that the people , led by the High Priest of Neptune , are clamoring for Idomeneo .
27 , No. 1 ) and No. 20 ( Op .
In 2001 , the Madison Black Wolf became the Lincoln Saltdogs ( Lincoln , Nebraska ) while in 2003 the Duluth-Superior Dukes became the Kansas City T-Bones ( Kansas City , Kansas ) .
Once they crossed the Colorado River , the party rode upstream for approximately four miles to the gold fields .
The star of the Order consists of a silver St Andrew 's saltire , with clusters of rays between the arms thereof .
Aenictogiton is a genus of ants , comprising seven rarely collected species , and given its own subfamily , Aenictogitoninae .
Gloucestershire ( ) is a county in South West England .
Jien records that Itoku was the second or third son of Emperor Annei , Brown , p. 251 .
In 1899 , Bede was made a Doctor of the Church by Leo XIII , a position of theological significance ; he is the only native of Great Britain to achieve this designation ( Anselm of Canterbury , also a Doctor of the Church , was originally from Italy ) .
They have several common names including ginger ants and tropical fire ants ( English ) , hormigas bravas or hormigas coloradas ( Spanish ) , fourmis de feu ( French ) , Feuerameisen ( German ) , mod-kun-fai ( Thai ) , and aka-hi-ari or aka-kami-ari ( Japanese ) .
Usually credited with the title 's creation is Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli .
During battle , the player may fight , use an item , switch the active PokÃ mon , or flee ( the last not an option in battles against trainers ) .
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond .
Families celebrating Kwanzaa decorate their households with objects of art ; colorful African cloth such as kente , especially the wearing of kaftans by women ; and fresh fruits that represent African idealism .
It also ceded the Liaodong Peninsula ( then known to the Western Press as Liaotung -- the southern portion of , now part of modern Liaoning province ) , the islands of Taiwan ( Formosa ) and Penghu to Japan .
The municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 77,698 : 38,093 men and 39,605 women .
As one of the four remaining contributing voices to the Backstreet Boys , Dorough is notable for his high falsetto .
Portrayed by American actor David Duchovny , Mulder was a main character for the first seven seasons but was limited to a recurring character for the last two seasons due to the fact that portraying actor Duchovny wanted to move on .
The hurricane , known as the Hurricane of San Marcos or the Straits of Florida Hurricane , caused massive flooding in Cuba and south Florida , resulting in 2000 casualties .
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
In 2002 , the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group purchased Pennzoil-Quaker State to form SOPUS -- Shell Oil Products US .
When from agricultural sources , plant matter used as a fuel can be replaced by planting for new growth .
Auxon is a commune in the Aube dÃ partement in north-eastern France .
Rather , the name came about because the Russian word Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ ( krasnaya ) can mean either '' red '' or '' beautiful '' ( the latter being rather archaic ) .
It goes from Interstate 275 in Tampa , Florida ( ) to Interstate 95 at Daytona Beach , Florida ( ) .
Klaus Kreimeier , The Ufa story : a history of Germany 's greatest film company , 1918 -- 1945 ( University of California Press , 1999 ) , p156
Brown 's ten years and two months as Chancellor of the Exchequer made him the longest-serving Chancellor in modern history .
It differs from other Latter Day Saint movement traditions in that it also accepts the Pearl of Great Price as part of its canon , and it has a history of teaching eternal marriage , eternal progression , and plural marriage ( although the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints had abandoned the practice by the early 20th century ) .
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1930 -- 31 ( listed with their first team , asterisk ( \* ) marks debut in playoffs ) :
Kubica qualified ninth , beating his more experienced teammate Nick Heidfeld .
The Tuvalu national soccer team is the international football team of Tuvalu .
He also was Rapid 's captain from 1997 until 2001 .
She discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as colobus monkeys .
is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
The Undertaker and Steve Austin defeated Kane and Mankind to win the WWF Tag Team Championship ( 17:28 ) Undertaker pinned Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
They are able to do this because they rely on hydrogenosomes ( or similar organelles ) instead of on mitochondria for energy .
A magnetic field is a field of force produced by moving electric charges , by electric fields that vary in time , and by the ` intrinsic ' magnetic field of elementary particles associated with the spin of the particle .
Tosh followed with appearances on programs such as The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , Jimmy Kimmel Live !
1910 & ndash ; Frank Loesser , American composer ( d. 1969 )
Beinwil ( Freiamt ) in the canton of Aargau
David Livingstone ( 19 March 1813 -- 1 May 1873 ) was a Scottish Congregationalist pioneer medical missionary with the London Missionary Society and explorer in Africa .
Epicurus ( , '' ally , comrade '' ; 341 BCE â '' 270 BCE ) was an ancient Greek philosopher and the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism .
The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops by carrying messages , which freed the men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the long siege .
History Orne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution , on March 4 , 1790 .
The Godfather received Academy Awards for Best Picture , Best Actor , and Best Adapted Screenplay , and has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry .
Max Alfred '' Maxi '' Priest ( born 10 June 1962 ) is a British reggae vocalist of Jamaican descent .
One traditional scheme for classifying English sentences is by the number and types of finite clauses :
Pressure ( the symbol : P ) is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
No single known cause for all of the different types of leukemia exists .
Greyhound Lines , Inc. , based in Dallas , Texas , is an intercity common carrier of passengers by bus serving over 3,700 destinations in the United States , Canada and Mexico , operating under the well-known logo of a leaping greyhound . It was founded in Hibbing , Minnesota , USA , in 1914 and incorporated as '' Greyhound Corporation '' in 1929 .
Wood also bravely introduced British audiences to many noteworthy European composers , especially Sibelius and composers of the Russian school .
Adventure Parks Group purchased the balance of the property , also subject to the conservation easement .
Hilversum lies some 30 km south-east of Amsterdam and 20 km north of Utrecht .
One species , Rhamphosuchus crassidens of India , is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres ( ~ 50 feet ) or more .
The order contains two suborders , Mysticeti ( baleen whales ) and Odontoceti ( toothed whales , which includes dolphins and porpoises ) .
However , the decline of the Scottish Conservatives has not been constantâ '' in the 1992 General Election , the Scottish Conservatives gained a seat in Scotland to become Scotland 's second party , with 11 seats north of the border , and the party is currently second in several Scottish seats that could provide a basis for long-term recovery .
The class is divided into two subclasses : Elasmobranchii ( sharks , rays and skates ) and Holocephali ( chimaeras , sometimes called ghost sharks , which are sometimes separated into their own class ) .
In the central highlands this resulted in unification in a kingdom with the city of Samaria as its capital , possibly by the second half of the 10th century BCE when an inscription of the Egyptian pharaoh Shoshenq I , the biblical Shishak , records a series of campaigns directed at the area .
In October 2006 , Apple added a Starbucks Entertainment area to the iTunes Store , selling music similar to that played in Starbucks stores .
It seems to belong to a group all of its own , with semi-major axis ~ 30 G and inclination ~ 160 Â .
In 1852 , Leenhoff gave birth , out of wedlock , to a son , Leon Koella Leenhoff .
AETN .
Charles Parker , Jr. ( August 29 , 1920 â '' March 12 , 1955 ) , famously called Bird or Yardbird , was an American jazz saxophonist and composer .
Occasionally , they will scavenge if necessary , and may resort to cannibalism in captivity ; however , this has not been observed in the wild .
Anastasia 's supposed survival was one of the celebrated mysteries of the 20th century .
Palau , officially the Republic of Palau ( ) , is an island nation in the Pacific Ocean , some 500 miles ( 800 km ) east of the Philippines and 2,000 miles ( 3,200 km ) south of Tokyo .
Her relics were transferred on 1 May so that she might be buried beside Willibald , and that day carries her name in the Finnish and Swedish calendars .
Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government Armenian Swiss website .
Cobalt ( II , III ) oxide is chemical compound with the formula Co3O4 .
Homo -- humans
Adams has stated repeatedly that he has never been a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
Quantico is located south of the mouth of Quantico Creek on the Potomac . As of the 2000 census , Quantico had a population of 561 .
He won the presidential elections in 2002 , with a broad coalition of support and was easily re-elected in 2007 .
The glands are enclosed in a capsule of connective tissue and internally divided into lobules .
The University of St. Andrews is chartered by papal bull .
Afterward , the couple began to teach Leah sign language , first with Signing Exact English ( SEE ) , then with American Sign Language ( ASL ) , so that they could learn to communicate .
Typically a Wellerism consists of three parts : a proverb or saying , a speaker , and an often humorously literal explanation .
Paul Ivan Thompson ( November 2 , 1906 -- September 13 , 1991 ) was a Canadian ice hockey forward who played 13 season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Bryan Owen '' Pete '' Young ( born March 19 , 1968 in Meadville , Mississippi ) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in and .
The publication in Ms. magazine of a photo of Gerri Santoro , who died of blood loss following a back-alley abortion , was used extensively to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions .
Kenneth '' Ken '' Moore Whisenhunt ( born February 28 , 1962 in Augusta , Georgia ) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team , leading them to the first Super Bowl in franchise history during the 2008 season .
Thousand Foot Krutch ( shortened as TFK ) is a Canadian rock band formed in 1997 .
YES ( Your Extraordinary Saturday ) a learning program from the Minnesota Institute for Talented Youth
At the immunity challenge , Jon and Sandra felt uncomfortable , while Lil felt fine . Sandra fell early .
In ancient Greece , the Acropolis ( literally : '' peak of the city '' ) , placed on a commanding eminence , was important in the life of the people , serving as a refuge and stronghold in peril and containing military and food supplies , the shrine of the god and a royal palace .
Collectively , these RFCs have come to be called Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions ( MIME ) .
As in the 2000 presidential election , voting controversies and concerns of irregularities emerged during and after the vote .
T. longobardicus ( Bassani , 1886 )
Handel adopted the spelling '' George Frideric Handel '' on his naturalisation as a British subject , and this spelling is generally used in English-speaking countries .
MUNICIPIO DE TIMAUKEL FIRMÓ CONVENIO EDUCATIVO Y CULTURAL CON COMUNA DE LOLOL Urban pop .
The key is said to have a peaceful , serene feel , and was used quite often by Franz Schubert .
Hamilton almost single-handedly worked out the nation 's early financial system , and for several years was a major presence in Washington 's administration as well .
Typically when describing the physical device the term ` engine ' is used .
Knight or Dame of the Order of Australia ( AK or AD , no new appointments ) ; Established 1976 , disestablished 1986 without prejudice to pre-existing appointments .
Jan Polák ( born 14 March 1981 in Brno ) is a Czech international footballer .
Prince of Wales 's feathers - the personal badge of the Prince of Wales derives from the '' shield for peace '' of Edward , the Black Prince .
Engineer 's notes Derbysulzers.com - Retrieved on 2007-11-25 They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order , but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet .
A way to express division all on one line is to write the dividend , or numerator then a slash , then the divisor , or denominator like this :
It is also commonly called a worship service .
While part of the circulating cholesterol originates from diet , and restricting cholesterol intake may reduce blood cholesterol levels , there are various other links between the dietary pattern and cholesterol levels .
He has worked with the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority before moving to the Open University where he is Professor of Technology Policy and has developed courses on technological innovation , focusing in particular on renewable energy technology .
It is made of the Cyrillic letter Ð with a breve .
The serotypes that have been confirmed in humans , ordered by the number of known human pandemic deaths , are : H1N1 caused '' Spanish Flu '' in 1918 , '' Swine flu '' in 2009 H2N2 caused '' Asian Flu '' .
The Province of Massa-Carrara ( ) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy .
The first use of the Escort name was for a reduced specification version of the Ford Squire , a 1950s estate car version of the Ford Anglia 100E , though this did not sell very well by comparison to the other members of the 100E family .
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
Sylvester J. Pussycat , Jr. , or simply Sylvester Junior ( he is also referred to as '' Spoiled Brat '' ) , is the son of Sylvester the cat . Junior first appeared in the 1949 short Pop ` im Pop , directed by Robert McKimson and eventually appeared in a total of 11 shorts in the Golden age .
The highest temperature ever , recorded on 28 July 1921 , was 40.3 C ( 104.5 F ) , and the lowest was a 20.7 C ( 5.3 F ) reached on 1 January 1985 .
The river also has the second-largest flow in the world , behind the Amazon ; the second-largest drainage basin of any river , again trailing the Amazon ; and is the deepest river in the world , at depths greater than 750 feet .
Caraula is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,560 people . It has the following constituent villages : Caraula .
Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful , also a former resident of the City of Destruction , who accompanies him to Vanity Fair , where both are arrested and detained because of their disdain for the wares and business of the fair .
The performer is known as a stand-up comic , stand-up comedian or simply a stand-up .
It is a soft , low-melting solid that can easily be cut with a knife .
The friction clutch or post and clutch system uses a clutch that moves along a post .
It is used primarily to reduce the pain of intramuscular injection of penicillin , and it was also used in dentistry .
1945 & ndash ; Hong Kong is liberated from Japan by British Armed Forces .
The Filth and The Fury , St. Martin 's Press , 2000 , pg .
A multiplayer demo was released to the public on March 15 , 2007 .
However , Jodi Bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the trip , stated , '' the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
Wine also provides a software library known as Winelib against which developers can compile Windows applications to help port them to Unix-like systems .
Loire-Atlantique is part of the current region of Pays-de-la-Loire and is surrounded by the department of Morbihan , Ille-et-Vilaine , Maine-et-Loire , and Vendée , with the Atlantic on the west .
In North Rhine-Westphalia , there are some cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants which are not urban districts , for example Recklinghausen , Siegen , Paderborn , Bergisch Gladbach , Neuss and Moers .
Named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq ( also known as Sedna ) in Inuit mythology , it is the largest member of the Inuit group of irregular satellites .
The Sermon on the Mount may be compared with the similar but more succinct Sermon on the Plain as recounted by the Gospel of Luke ( 6:17 -- 49 ) , which occurs at the same moment in Luke 's narrative , and also features Jesus heading up a mountain .
Since 1969 , the holiday has been observed on the third Monday in April , providing a three-day long weekend .
Inches of mercury , inHg , or Hg is a unit of measurement for pressure .
Viljandi is a town and municipality in southern Estonia with a population of 19,870 ( 2007 ) .
Social Democrat Hunchakian Party It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian , Mariam Vardanian , Gevorg Gharadjian , Ruben Khan-Azat , Christopher Ohanian , Gabriel Kafian and Manuel Manuelian , a group of college students in Geneva , Switzerland , with the goal to gain Armenia 's independence from the Ottoman Empire , which is part of Armenian national liberation movement Lebanon a Country Study By Federal Research Division - Page 185 .
has been used to refer to more general assignments of natural numbers to mathematical objects .
Malu , the Ghost Witch of the Mountain , arose as a figure of Earth Kingdom legend in the years following the Fire Nation 's first strikes .
Saint-Omer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Religion According to the 2006 census , Christianity is the predominant religion in New Zealand , held by 55.6 % of the population , a decrease from 60.6 % at the 2001 census .
The town was founded on the site of the village of Khangarh in 1847 by General John Jacob , for many years commandant of the Sind Horse , who died here in 1858 .
Hence an error that occurs during the process of writing may leave the redundant copies in different states , and furthermore may leave the copies in neither the old nor the new state .
Because the bars must be at least six inches wide , small representations of the Alabama flag do not meet the legal definition .
Habitats of rough-skinned newts are found throughout the West Coast of the United States and British Columbia .
The Bailiwick of Guernsey ( ; ) is a British Crown Dependency in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy .
Emanuel Feuermann ( November 22 , 1902 , Kolomyia , Galitzia , Austro-Hungarian Empire -- May 25 , 1942 , New York City ) was an internationally celebrated cellist in the first half of the 20th century .
My Gym Partner 's a Monkey is an American animated television series created by Timothy and Julie McNally Cahill and produced by Cartoon Network Studios .
Early life and family background Bonham Carter was born in Golders Green , London .
The system contained an exposed low-level circulation , which intermittently passed beneath a persistent area of convection to its northeast .
The film was released on February 6 , 2007 and rated G by the MPAA .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to land on the shores of Tasmania .
True Jackson , VP is an American television sitcom , the series premiered on November 8 , 2008 , though it rarely airs on Nickelodeon , it can usually be seen on The N/O. The series stars Keke Palmer , Ashley Argota , Matt Shively , Danielle Bisutti , Greg Proops , Robbie Amell and Ron Butler .
Jumencourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Although the development of television was the result of work by many inventors , Baird was a prominent pioneer and made major advances in the field .
Flórez also appeared on the 2-sol stamp , part of a series of five stamps honoring contemporary Peruvian musicians issued on November 29 , 2004 .
In 1919 it merged with the TonkÃ 1\/4 nstler Orchestra .
The Japan national football team represents Japan in association football and is controlled by the Japan Football Association , the governing body for association football in Japan .
For a distance of some along the river , in the vicinity of Oxford , the Thames is known as The Isis .
It is the seventh game by Mönkkönen , but only the fifth to be released fully in English .
The process chosen was one of two options implemented in the West German constitution ( Grundgesetz ; literally : Basic Law ) of 1949 .
Carcinogenity of radiation depends of the type of radiation , type of exposure and penetration .
1794 & ndash ; U.S. President George Washington invokes the Militia Law of 1792 to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion in western Pennsylvania .
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Issey Morgan Nakajima-Farran ( Japaneseï 1\/4 ä å ã ã ã ã ä ç '' ) ( born May 16 , 1984 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for the Danish Superliga club AC Horsens .
'' Origin of agriculture and domestication of plants and animals linked to early Holocene climate amelioration '' , Anil K. Gupta \* , Current Science , Vol .
A bridesmaid is typically a young woman , and often a close friend or sister .
Kronborg is situated near the town of HelsingÃ r ( immortalized as Elsinore in Shakespeare 's Hamlet ) on the extreme northeastern tip of Zealand at the narrowest point of the Ã resund , the sound between Denmark and Sweden .
Discovered by William Herschel in 1787 , Titania is named after the queen of the fairies in Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Tanystropheus ( Greek '' long '' + '' vertebra '' ) , was a 6 metre ( 20 ft ) long reptile that dated from the Middle Triassic period .
Statistics of League of Ireland in the 1929/1930 season .
70 km2 -- Amherst Island , largest island in Lake Ontario
John Arne Semundseth Riise ( born 24 September 1980 in Ã
The batting order , or batting lineup , in baseball is the sequence in which the nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher . The batting order is the main component of a team 's offensive strategy .
Discordianism is a religion centered on the idea that chaos is all that there is , and that disorder and order are both illusions that are imposed on chaos .
The word '' ruminant '' comes from the Latin ruminare , which means '' to chew over again '' .
Mystery Science Theater 3000-like moments occur as the characters comment on the original film 's proceedings .
The current standard of 130 at bats , 50 innings pitched or 45 days on the active roster of a Major League club ( excluding time in military service or on the disabled list ) before September 1 was adopted in 1971 .
Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau ( ; 5 July 1889 & ndash ; 11 October 1963 ) was a French poet , novelist , dramatist , designer , boxing manager , playwright , artist and filmmaker .
He subsequently sang at Milan 's La Scala ( 1951 ) , the Glyndebourne Festival ( from 1954 on ) and London 's Royal Opera House , Covent Garden ( 1954 , 1956 and 1958 ) .
Jeffrey '' Jeff '' Lynne ( born 30 December 1947 ; Shard End , Birmingham ) is an English songwriter , composer , arranger , singer , guitarist , and record producer who gained fame as the leader and sole constant member of Electric Light Orchestra and was a co-founder and member of The Traveling Wilburys .
Die große Wundarzney Ulm , 1536 ( Hans Varnier ) ; Augsburg ( Haynrich Stayner ( = Steyner ) ) , 1536 ; Frankfurt \/O/ M. ( Georg Raben \/O/ Weygand Hanen ) , 1536 .
The folklore of Japan is heavily influenced by both Shinto and Buddhism , the two primary religions in the country .
Because the top of the continental crust is above that of the oceanic , water runs off the continents and collects above the oceanic crust . The continental crust and the oceanic crust are sometimes called sial and sima respectively .
The province has an area of 3,125 kmÂ which is divided into eight administrative districts ( arrondissementen ) containing 64 municipalities .
October 29 , 1947 ) , wife of the President of the United States , Grover Cleveland , and First Lady of the United States from 1886 to 1889 , and again from 1893 to 1897 .
Kamviri is a dialect of the Kamkata-viri language spoken by 5,500 ( or up to 10,000 ) of the Kom people of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In 2002 the '' Passchendale Peace Concert '' in Flanders had June sharing the stage with Coope Boyes and Simpson .
The suburb is said to derive its name from the Old Norse '' Krkor '' which means a nook or corner of land .
Shadow of the Colossus , released in Japan as Wander to KyozÅ , is an action-adventure video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCEI ) for the PlayStation 2 .
It has seven subspecies , but only T. m. confinis in the southwest is particularly distinctive , with pale gray-brown underparts .
She has won two Academy Awards , eight Grammy Awards , four Emmy Awards , a Special Tony Award , an American Film Institute award , a Peabody Award .
As a result of these events , the relationship between Hamilton and Alonso temporarily collapsed , with the pair not on speaking terms for a short period .
Amettes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Balanced budget provisions have been added to the constitutions of most U.S. states , the Basic Law of Germany and the Swiss Constitution .
The Yamato polity evolved much during the Asuka period , which is named after the Asuka region , about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara .
A brother-in-law ( plural brothers-in-law ) is the brother of one 's spouse , the husband of one 's sister , or the husband of one 's spouse 's sister .
Sargassum is a genus of brown ( class Phaeophyceae ) macroalga ( seaweed ) in the order Fucales .
He is the only man to hold the WWF Junior Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship simultaneously .
It was released on November 5th , 2007 and features all of McFly 's UK singles .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 1,395 .
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska monastery .
Passenger travel and mail delivery is by helicopter , weather permitting .
The company 's name is a combination of the last names of the two founders , Charles Hyde , and David Vredenburg ( Take the first two letters of Hyde 's name , the V from Vredenburg , and add a double E to the end , and you have the company name Hy-Vee ) .
Shangri-la is a large , dark region of Saturn 's moon Titan at .
The album featured a variation on Edguy 's style , with a less grandiose , more traditional heavy metal approach being embraced .
The ossuary became a tourist attraction on a small scale from the early 19th century and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 km .
However , biomass also includes plant or animal matter used for production of fibers or chemicals .
It is also advocated to various degrees by many Protestant confessions of faith and catechisms , including those of Lutheranism , Arminianism , and Calvinism .
In the last seven years of his life Busoni worked sporadically on the Klavierübung , a compilation of exercises , transcriptions , and original compositions of his own , with which he hoped to pass on his accumulated knowledge of keyboard technique .
He thought that stronger countries could not bring a socialist revolution to other places .
County Mayo ( ) is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland .
Valleys of some abandoned rivers can still be seen on satellite and aerial images of the hills of Ohio and West Virginia between Marietta , Ohio , and Huntington , West Virginia .
Carter studied at Yale and at Goddard College .
In his Philosophical Investigations , Wittgenstein demonstrated that the elements of games , such as play , rules , and competition , all fail to adequately define what games are .
It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it .
The war originated from a quarrel between the goddesses Athena , Hera , and Aphrodite , after Eris , the goddess of strife and discord , gave them a golden apple , sometimes known as the Apple of Discord , marked '' for the fairest '' .
This was championed by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and received airtime on MTV2 .
September 30 & ndash ; The inhabitants of Trieste ( now in northern Italy ) donate their city to Duke Leopold III of Austria .
In physics :
In addition to regular , mostly hourly , news bulletins , the station broadcasts a wide range of longer , more in-depth news and current affairs strands .
The Specials ( sometimes called The Special AKA ) are an English 2 Tone ska revival band formed in 1977 in Coventry , England .
The successful blockade of Germany contributed to its military defeat in 1918 , and , still in effect , enforced the signing of the Versailles Treaty in mid-1919 .
They are known to bark defensively in response to any outside noise .
She arrives with a client , a creepy professor ( played by the same actor as Dr. Goll , Lulu 's first husband ) .
Variations of dress do occur depending on local business culture and climate .
Hercules is acting like a horse and pulling an old style plow at his mom 's house .
CondÃ - sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Since 1958 , his major title has been HRH The Prince of Wales .
Alan Meale ( L )
Athenodoros Cananites , Stoic philosopher ( b. 74 BC )
SabliÃ res is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The cathedral of Gloucester , the magnificent abbey church of Tewkesbury , and the church of Cirencester with its great Perpendicular porch , are described under their separate headings .
In tandem with the removal of Routemaster buses , Livingstone oversaw the introduction of articulated buses in London , which were swiftly nicknamed '' bendy buses '' .
JPG 2005-2008 Opel Vectra C ( facelift ) station wagon
The change also made it easier to distinguish references to the party from the labor movement in general .
Gay traditionally means ` happy , ' but in English it also means homosexual , and this meaning is more common now .
He continues to retain his position with the SimÃ n BolÃ var National Youth Orchestra .
Interview for SFX magazine His Waterworld script was thrown out , and only two of his lines were kept in the final script of X-Men .
Multiple threads can exist within the same process and share resources such as memory , while different processes do not share these resources .
The city of Victoria de Durango is the state 's capital .
Its climate is Temperate with cold winters and warm , drier summers .
In mathematics , a unit circle is a circle with a radius of one .
The Maccabees are a rock band from London , England .
Billy Kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating Noble following a top rope BK-Bomb .
In Japan , the term anime does not specify an animation 's nation of origin or style ; instead , it serves as a blanket term to refer to all forms of animation from around the world . English-language dictionaries define anime as '' a Japanese style of motion-picture animation '' or as '' a style of animation developed in Japan '' .
They grow to 4 -- 30m tall , and some are dry-season deciduous .
From precise astrometric measurements of the movement of the visible star over a sufficiently long period of time , information about the mass of the companion and its orbital period can be determined .
It is the oldest and largest library association in the world , with more than 62,000 members .
Kilmarnock is a large burgh in East Ayrshire , Scotland , with a population of 44,734 .
Though it was initially rejected by thirteen publishers before eventually being accepted by Rex Collings Ltd , Watership Down has never been out of print , and was the recipient of several prestigious awards .
The optimism of 1900 was gone , and those who fought in the war became known as '' the Lost Generation '' because they never fully farted .
The fifth and last single from the album , '' Fool Again '' , also peaked at # 1 .
It is also linked to Sydney by rail .
Merit badges are awards earned by youth members of the Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) , based on activities within an area of study by completing a list of periodically updated requirements .
Two other major arteries are also sometimes identified as the northern border of '' lower '' or '' downtown Manhattan '' : Canal Street , roughly half a mile north of Chambers Street , and 23rd Street , roughly half a mile north of 14th Street .
This crankshaft and damper together become ( in its torsional response ) a spring-mass-damper system .
In modern Britain , an earl is a member of the peerage , ranking below a marquess and above viscount .
The term is a portmanteau of '' skirt '' and '' shorts '' .
Elliott was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America on August 15 , 2007 . He won the 1988 NASCAR Winston Cup Series Championship and has garnered 44 wins in that series .
In old prehistoric times dragonflies had a wings that were two feet long .
Founded in 1823 as Singapore Institution by Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles , it is consistently ranked as one of the top secondary schools in Singapore in the now-defunct official school rankings released by the Ministry of Education .
From its inception until December 2005 , it was presented by Mark Lamarr ( who also produced the show , from 2004 through to his departure ) .
Iowa recognizes two political parties - the Republican Party and the Democratic Party .
In an unusual move , Prince Edward was made Earl of Wessex and Viscount Severn in honor of his marriage to Sophie Rhys-Jones . The title Earl of Wessex had not been in use for over 900 years .
The US-educated Sulaiman Al-Fahim was the public face of ADUG during the initial phase of the takeover and is often described as the '' Donald Trump of Abu Dhabi '' .
The company formerly made scuba diving rebreathers .
This period spanned the years from 1261 to 1264 .
DVDPs have collectively grossed over $ 3 billion over the last few years , and have matured enough that DVDP divisions of studios now option their own films .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
The pacing and design of the show was developed by cognitive psychologist Andrew Davenport , who structured the show to fit the attention spans of the target audience .
A circular motion about an external point , e.g. the Earth about the Sun , is called an orbit or more properly an orbital revolution .
The current version , 4.6 , is modular and reusable .
The 1983 Stock proved to be unreliable and troublesome in service , with single-leaf doors making passenger loading and unloading a slower process than on other stock with wider door openings .
José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes ( born 10 July 1976 in Taquaritinga ) , commonly known as just Edmílson , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre-back or defensive midfielder for Palmeiras .
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Kanye West : 808s & Heartbreak Accessed November 24 , 2008 .
The underside is almost completely white , making the animal indistinguishable from brighter waters near the surface .
The tongue of the Short-beaked Echidna is the animal 's sole means of catching prey , and can protrude up to 180 m outside the snout .
Martainville is a commune in the département of Calvados , in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
Leopold '' Butters '' Stotch is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park .
Such an inhomogeneous lens is necessary in order for the focal length to drop from about 4 times the lens radius , to 2.5 radii .
Climate Temperatures range between and , and the average rainfall is a year .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority ( GBRMPA ) considers the earliest evidence of complete reef structures to have been 600,000 years ago . According to the GBRMPA , the current , living reef structure is believed to have begun growing on the older platform about 20,000 years ago .
On the April 7 , 2006 edition of SmackDown !
It is theoretically possible to have a non-pipelined superscalar CPU or a pipelined non-superscalar CPU .
It is the largest of the four solar terrestrial planets in size and mass/O. .
Rimini is a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini .
He was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1921 .
Costner made his film debut at age 19 , in the 1974 film , Sizzle Beach , U.S.A. , although the film was not released until 1986 .
Under the Rapid Transit Systems Act , acts such as smoking , the consumption of food and drink within stations and trains , the misuse of emergency equipment and trespassing on the railway tracks are illegal , with penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment .
A film 's success often depends on the quality of such musical numbers .
A twig is a small thin terminal branch of a woody plant .
AAU
Penance is repentance of sins as well as the proper name of the Roman Catholic , Anglican , and Orthodox Christian Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation/Confession .
John Ray Grisham , Jr. ( born February 8 , 1955 ) is an American author , best known for his popular legal thrillers .
For more information , see Canonization of the Romanovs In 2000 , Anastasia and her family were canonized as passion bearers by the Russian Orthodox Church .
They are between 8 and 15 mm long .
Finally , Beowulf tears Grendel 's arm from his body at the shoulder and Grendel runs to his home in the marshes to die .
Daisuke Yano is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
After having been defeated in Clwyd South in the 1997 general election , Johnson was elected MP for Henley , succeeding Michael Heseltine , in the 2001 General Election .
Mercury ( I ) bromide or mercurous bromide is the chemical compound composed of mercury and bromine with the formula Hg2Br2 .
Achilles and Hector meet but do not fight , with Hector outnumbered but allowed to leave .
Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September 1989 from the images taken by the Voyager 2 probe .
Ricardo de Oliveira ( born May 6 , 1980 in SÃ # o Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al-Jazira , as a striker .
This clef ( sometimes called the viola clef ) is currently used for the viola , the viola da gamba , and the alto trombone .
Colorado State confers doctoral degrees in 38 fields of study , in addition to a professional degree in veterinary medicine .
The region 's climate is moderate and continental with about of rainfall per year .
In casting his nine-member crew , Whedon looked first at the actors and considered their chemistry with others .
Each track begins with '' Ride this train to ... '' and tells the story of that city .
It is named for Kent , an English county .
These ties to the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
On his latest productions , however , he has dropped the '' DJ '' label and is now known simply as '' Tiësto '' , an alias which is a twist of his childhood nickname .
Boards such as the VIA EPIA range help to bridge the gap by being PC-compatible but highly integrated , physically smaller or have other attributes making them attractive to embedded engineers .
Momentum is a conserved quantity ( law of conservation of linear momentum ) , meaning that if a closed system is not affected by external forces , its total momentum can not change .
The settlement that became the City of Louisville was founded in 1778 by George Rogers Clark and is named after King Louis XVI of France .
Dr. Gerald Uhlich , of the Berlin zoo 's board of trustees , stated that because of his vast popularity , Knut had become a means of communication and that he had the ability to '' draw attention to the environment in a nice way .
Carlinville is named for Thomas Carlin , once Governor of Illinois , who as a member of the state legislature was instrumental in creating Macoupin County . Carlinville has long been a site of Illinois history , and has played host to many presidential hopefuls via campaign stops at a time in American history when railway routes produced many visits by politicians .
Szczecin Lagoon or Bay of Szczecin ( , ) , also Oder lagoon ( ) , is a lagoon in the Oder estuary , shared by Germany and Poland .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001 , and given the temporary designation ' .
Delegates from many countries attended the Bretton Woods Conference .
Playing the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League , VÃ zina and the Canadiens won the best-of-three series two games to none , as VÃ zina recorded a shutout in the second game .
Client Service Request Upon receiving messages E and F from TGS , the client has enough information to authenticate itself to the SS .
The music video for the song has become the basis for the '' Rickrolling '' Internet meme .
After Randy Orton had cheated to obtain Rey Mysterio 's title shot at WrestleMania 22 , Long placed Mysterio back in the match and made it a Triple Threat match , at the same time warning Orton that he could still remove Orton from the match if he disobeyed Long .
43 Ariadne ( ) is a fairly large and bright main belt asteroid .
The swarm size is a major parameter of a swarm .
In professional American football , the Pro Bowl is the all-star game of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Civrac-en-Médoc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
In recent years Jacmel has been host to a large film festival , the ` Festival Film Jakmèl ' started in 2004 and in 2007 the international music festival ` Festival Mizik Jakmèl ' was successfully launched .
Linderoth played for Stabæk and then an unremarkable spell at Everton marred by injury , where he scored once against Charlton Athletic in the League Cup , before he joined Copenhagen in summer 2004 .
They were eaten by indigenous Australians and the early European settlers of Australia .
Villigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Jedi Academy is the only game in the Jedi Knight series that does not give the player control of Kyle Katarn at any point in the game .
At the 2006 census , Beechworth had a population of 3,227 .
Kissing under mistletoe at Christmas According to a custom of Christmas cheer , any male and female who meet under a hanging of mistletoe are obliged to kiss .
Her father was a Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court and later became a prominent landowner in southwestern Ohio .
Clapton is almost exclusively served by trains going via the branch instead .
James B. Dudley High School in the town of Greensboro , North Carolina , where the Agricultural and Technical University is located , was named after Dudley in recognition of his work for his community .
The term '' eusocial '' was introduced in 1966 by Suzanne Batra and given a more definitive meaning by E. O. Wilson .
Saint-Paul is the second-largest commune in the French overseas department of RÃ union . It is located on the extreme west side of the island of RÃ union .
An example is the French Fifth Republic ( 1958 -- present ) , where the Président de la République appoints a Prime Minister but must choose someone who can get government business through , and has the support of , the National Assembly .
He stayed at Channel 9 until 1971 when he worked for a travel agent in Beaumaris .
Losses in the nutritional value , caloric value and edibility of crops , by extremes of temperature , humidity or the action of microorganisms ,
While some special software packages exist , to allow customized editing , they are typically not available when traveling to other computers for wiki-editing .
Reconstruction began almost immediately , and President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1810 & ndash ; Robert Schumann , German composer ( d. 1856 )
Catholic , Orthodox and Protestant Christians , who make up the vast majority of Christendom , believe that Jesus is God .
Her father is Fields Medal and Abel prize winning mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre .
Mohamed Abdullaziz Al-Deayea ( ) ( born August 2 , 1972 in Tabuk ) is a Saudi Arabian football goalkeeper .
In 1949 , Partisan Review awarded Orwell # 357 for the year 's most significant contribution to literature , Nineteen Eighty-Four .
Alcohol intoxication ( also known as drunkenness or being drunk or inebriated ) is a physiological state occurring when an organism has a high level of ethanol in its bloodstream , or when ethanol otherwise causes the physiological effect known as drunkenness .
The actual site of KÅ shÅ 's grave is not known .
July starts on the same day of the week as April every year , and January in leap years .
Once they have identified an invader , the cells generate specific responses that are tailored to maximally eliminate specific pathogens or pathogen infected cells .
In 1780 , at age twenty-eight , Morris 's left leg was shattered and replaced with a wooden pegleg .
Radix Linux A distribution that is targeted at being compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux Rocks Cluster Distribution A distribution for building a High-Performance Computing computer cluster , with a recent release supporting Cloud computing .
This breed of terrier is also called the German Hunt Terrier .
Marie of Boulogne ( 1136 & ndash ; 1182 in St Austrebert , Montreuil , France ) was the Countess of Boulogne from 1159 to 1170 .
Deposed Queen Lady Yun or Waste Queen Lady Yun ( korea : í ë ì ì '' , hanja : å '' cents å å æ , ?
The municipality of Curitiba has an average altitude of above sea level , where the highest point is to the north , and with lower altitude to the south .
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
FeedDemon is a free RSS Feed reader for Windows .
If relativistic effects are important , the speed of sound may be calculated from the relativistic Euler equations .
An academic and former Foreign Minister of Egypt , Boutros Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it paid attention to several world crises , including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan Genocide .
After assorted work on posters for London and British Transport and animated films , he began his writing career in 1963 with the book Borka : The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers which won the 1963 Kate Greenaway Medal .
1857 & ndash ; Thorstein Veblen , American economist ( d. 1929 )
Quinsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Chattahoochee is located at .
History The station opened on 1 August 1887 as part of the Glasgow , Yoker and Clydebank Railway .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters - Dr. Weird , Steve
Aside from its symbolic significance as the largest eucalypt of all , Eucalyptus regnans has value to conservationists in provides essential habitat to important birds and mammals ( notably the Wedge tailed eagle , the Lyrebird and the endangered Victorian state animal emblem Leadbeater 's Possum ) .
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in the European diplomatic system , and as a result it was firmly established that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states , and that meant in practice recognition by one or more of the great powers .
Moore took her professional name from her first husband Freddy Moore and is the mother of three daughters from her marriage to Bruce Willis .
Sabu assaulted Cena in which he performed a leg drop on Cena , diving onto him and putting Cena through the Raw announcers ' table .
Counsel in Sykes v. Director of Public Prosecutions ( 1962 ) AC 528 described the offence as '' obsolete '' , and section 13 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Criminal Law Act 1967 eventually abolished it .
Laversine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
2005 was the fourth time that Davenport ended the year ranked No. 1 , joining Steffi Graf , Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert as the only female players to end a year ranked first at least four times .
In this view , the tendency of the philosophes in particular to apply rationality to every problem is considered the essential change .
The French cheesemaking company Rouzaire also produces an older Brillat Savarin under the name Pierre Robert .
History Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base to carry out repressive operations against the Corsican patriots in the surrounding villages .
Lavrentiy Beria , the head of the secret police organization NKVD ( the predecessor of the KGB ) , used the Buran device to spy on the U.S. , British , and French embassies in Moscow .
Jaquino asks Marzelline when she will agree to marry him , but she says that she will never marry him now that she has fallen in love with Fidelio , who is Leonore in disguise .
With a population of over 500,000 inhabitants and an economy based mainly on industry , Joinville has become the largest city in State of Santa Catarina .
Press conference held in Chile February 2008 Way wrote the song '' Skylines and Turnstiles '' to express his feelings about September 11 and shortly thereafter , Ray Toro was recruited because at the time Way could n't sing and play the guitar at the same time .
While dry , goz may also support rich pasture and arable land .
He had then planned to make the war film provisionally titled Inglourious Bastards , but postponed it to write and direct Kill Bill ( released as two films , Vol .
As a result , for the 1995 race , the Tamburello and Villeneuve corners were altered from flat-out sweeping bends into slower chicanes , and the Variante Bassa was straightened .
The first sign is trismus , or lockjaw , and the facial spasms called risus sardonicus , followed by stiffness of the neck , difficulty in swallowing , and rigidity of pectoral and calf muscles .
Sean Martin , The Knights Templar , p. 13 He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templars , the Cathars , various elements of the Crusades , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
It has been managed by the Ministry of Defense since 1963 .
Fernando Manuel Silva Couto , OIH ( or ; born 2 August 1969 ) is a former Portuguese professional football player , who works currently as the sporting director of S.C. Braga .
People have argued that the evidences of sympatric speciation are in fact examples of micro-allopatric , or heteropatric speciation .
In 2004 , breast cancer caused 519,000 deaths worldwide ( 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 1 % of all deaths ) .
When down to five players , Rob , Amber , Rupert , Jenna L. , and Big Tom , Rob incited an argument between Rupert and Big Tom , ultimately leading to Big Tom being voted off at the next Tribal Council followed by Rupert .
By convention , in still photography , the normal lens for a particular format has a focal length approximately equal to the length of the diagonal of the image frame or digital photosensor .
Rogny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise conceived by George Lucas .
Polyphemus ( ) is the gigantic one-eyed son of Poseidon and Thoosa in Greek mythology , one of the Cyclopes .
Government of Sindh ( ) is based in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
From Science Friday , December 12 , 1997 Bob 's Virtual Transistor Museum & History .
Michael Foust of the Baptist Press said : '' I walked into the theater without any expectations , but walked out after the closing credits believing I had just seen perhaps the most convicting and inspiring film I had ever viewed .
On smaller harps ( folk harps , for example ) the core string material will generally be the same for all strings on a given harp . Larger instruments like the modern Concert Harp mix string materials to attain their extended ranges .
Karl Marginson
In any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse ( the side opposite the right angle ) is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs ( the two sides that meet at a right angle ) .
Winter weather made air support impossible .
Mixed Bean Salad ( information and recipe ) from The Mayo Clinic Healthy Recipes .
However , Brighton and Hove is not part of the non-metropolitan county of East Sussex , but it is still part of the ceremonial county of East Sussex .
Hugo Hernán Maradona ( born May 9 , 1969 ) , also known as El Turco , is an Argentine Association football coach and former player .
In 1919 it merged with the Tonkünstler Orchestra .
Tom Felton 's portrayal of Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won him the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in 2010 .
It concerns the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon , fourth planet of Tau Ceti .
The expression reflects a theatrical superstition in which wishing a person '' good luck '' is considered bad luck .
It has more than 6,000 students and one campus , 35 different fields of studies and 5 faculties .
Freshwater mussel species inhabit lakes , ponds , rivers , creeks , canals , grouped in a different subclass , despite some very superficial similarities in appearance .
In philosophy , he is mostly remembered for optimism , i.e. his conclusion that our universe is , in a restricted sense , the best possible one God could have made .
In 1912 , after a number of years of failed attempts to join the official league , they merged with the gymnastic club Schalker Turnverein 1877 in order to facilitate their entry .
It is the second largest intergovernmental organization after the United Nations .
The 1960 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1960 , United Press International .
Mainly active in the 1980s and early 1990s , the band achieved double platinum status with their # 8 hit '' Wait '' and # 3 hit '' When the Children Cry '' from their second album Pride .
There is also evidence of a cut and folded paper box from 1440 .
Afterwards it was decided that she needed to move to a nursing home .
Alan Graham Johnston ( born 17 May 1962 ) is a British journalist working for the BBC .
Christian Panucci ( born 12 April 1973 in Savona , Italy ) is a retired Italian footballer .
This one-minute preview is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before .
The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and spawned the singles '' Pretty Noose '' , '' Burden in My Hand '' , '' Blow Up the Outside World '' , and '' Ty Cobb '' .
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm .
Maure is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The Vectrex was also released in Japan under the name Bandai Vectrex Kousokusen .
After joining them in 1942 , his younger son Péter Bartók enlisted in the United States Navy .
Downstream as far as Mastuj it is known as the Yarkhun River .
Charizard is featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character , Ash Ketchum .
She attended private girls schools in Virginia and Martha Washington College ( a precursor of Emory and Henry College ) to study music .
The term '' Emperor of India '' is also sometimes used to refer to Indian emperors such as Ashoka the Great of the Maurya Dynasty and Emperor Akbar of the Mughal empire .
Dennis John Kucinich ( ; born October 8 , 1946 ) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 1997 , and a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 elections .
Charles and Frank served in the navy , both rising to the rank of admiral .
1\/100 of the Qatari riyal
The college was founded by Henry VIII in 1546 , from the merger of two existing colleges : Michaelhouse ( founded by Hervey de Stanton in 1324 ) , and King 's Hall ( established by Edward II in 1317 and refounded by Edward III in 1337 ) .
writer = Mike MyersBonnie TurnerTerry Turner
The team with the most runs at the end of the game wins .
In 1979 funding was received to preserve the site as a tourist destination , due to its historical significance .
Due to its place in the airway , swelling of this structure can interfere with breathing and constitutes a medical emergency .
After the World exposed an illegal payment of $ 40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909 , Pulitzer was indicted for libeling Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan .
This is a list of countries ordered according to population .
The Volkswagen Jetta is a family mid range automobile car produced by German automaker Volkswagen Group for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars marque since 1979 .
The Boys ( UK band ) , a punk rock band
For a list of entities that wish to be universally recognized as sovereign states , but do not have complete worldwide diplomatic recognition , see the list of states with limited recognition .
The university was founded in 1817 in Detroit as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , about 20 years before the Michigan Territory officially became a state .
Thomas Heatherwick ( born 17 February 1970 ) is an English designer and artist known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
At the time of his birth , he was third in the line of succession to the thrones of ten independent states ; however , after additions to the Royal Family , and an evolution of the Commonwealth , Edward is now seventh in line to the thrones of 16 countries .
Although the benefits of preventing suffering and death from serious infectious diseases greatly outweigh the risks of rare adverse effects following immunization , disputes have arisen over the morality , ethics , effectiveness , and safety of vaccination . Some vaccination critics say that vaccines are ineffective against disease or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate .
The Sistine Chapel is a papal chapel in the Vatican Palace .
Secretaries of the Treasury Note : Robert Morris was the first person appointed Secretary of the Treasury by George Washington , but Morris declined this office ; thus the first Secretary of the Treasury was Alexander Hamilton , who was appointed at Morris 's suggestion .
The Wicker Man is a classic cult 1973 British film filmed in Scotland , combining thriller , existential horror and musical genres , directed by Robin Hardy and written by Anthony Shaffer .
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007 .
Helium burning soon forms an inert core of carbon and oxygen , with both a helium-burning shell and a hydrogen-burning shell surrounding it .
County Mayo ( ) is one of the twenty-six counties of the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two counties of Ireland .
However , the river is no longer actively used for navigation , because its estuary is located at the borders of the two Koreas , barred for entrance by any civilian .
Francisco de Goya later memorializes this event in his painting The Second of May 1808 .
The bridge spans 549 f long across the creek .
He enters a third room that is occupied by sampler Craig Jones .
In 2006 , the Miss Earth pageant started to cohost the United Nations Environment Programme 's Champions of the Earth , an annual international environment awards established in 2005 by the United Nations to recognize outstanding environmental achievers and leaders at a policy level .
Bell began taking violin lessons at the age of four after his mother discovered her son had taken rubber bands from around the house and stretched them across the handles of his dresser drawer to pluck out music he had heard her play on the piano .
In Western countries , the average retail price is $ 1,000 \/O/ Â # 500 \/O/ â 700 per pound ( US$ 2,200 \/O/ Â # 1,100 \/O/ â 1,550 per kilogram ) .
1584 ( MDLXXXIV ) was a leap year starting on Sunday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian calendar ( or a leap year starting on Wednesday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar ) .
There are two ways that an internal combustion piston engine can transform combustion into motive power : the two-stroke cycle and the four-stroke cycle .
Skype is a secure communication ; encryption can not be disabled , and is invisible to the user . Skype reportedly uses non-proprietary , widely trusted encryption techniques : RSA for key negotiation and the Advanced Encryption Standard to encrypt conversations .
It is located in Pathum Thani , Thailand .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
Alexander Stepanovich Popov ( ; â '' ) was a Russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic ( radio ) waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .
La BoissiÃ re-des-Landes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
For other uses , see Cat ( disambiguation ) or Cats ( disambiguation ) .
Some breeds show a flavor intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
` Kikuyu ' is the Swahilized form of the proper name and pronunciation of G k y although they refer to themselves as the Ag k y people .
The generic term is employed in a variety of specific contexts .
Badfinger enjoyed more major successes in the early 1970s with singles such as '' No Matter What , '' '' Day After Day , '' and '' Baby Blue '' .
Capron is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Satisfied with the training environment in Toronto , Kim made Toronto her training home .
The Hail Mary or Ave Maria in Latin has been set to music numerous times .
The peace and prosperity created under leadership of Guptas enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors in India .
The Helmholtz free energy is often denoted by the symbol F , but the use of A is preferred by IUPAC .
History Formation Founded in 1998 by Jared Leto 's brother Shannon Leto , 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project .
Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink that is produced and manufactured by PepsiCo .
In turn , the Dagpo Kagyu consists of four major sub-sects : the Karma Kagyu , headed by a Karmapa , the Tsalpa Kagyu , the Barom Kagyu , and Pagtru Kagyu .
BNet Retrieved on January 28 , 2008 born on 29 September 2002 , with Dazed & Confused editor Jefferson Hack .
Copyright law is different from country to country , and a copyright notice is required in about 20 countries for a work to be protected under copyright .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , working on its Raw brand .
August 5 & ndash ; Anti-Jewish riots spread to Toledo , Spain and Barcelona .
Tuesday 15 November 2005 215 71 Saint-Chamond , Bourges [ ] [ ] 20 .
Jeremy Morin ( born April 16 , 1991 ) is an ice hockey left winger currently playing in the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Additionally , Hebrew has other words for '' kill , '' including '' ' ( harag ) and '' ( heimit ) , while -- ( ratzach ) , which is found in the Ten Commandments -- ( lo tirtzach ) , was more specific . Joel M. Hoffman concludes that '' kill '' is too broad but '' murder '' is too narrow to reflect tirtsah .
However , this effort was short lived , since covering Led Zeppelin , Cream and the like limited their ability to get higher-paying jobs at local dance halls .
Im m Reza shrine ( in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of Im m Ridh , the eighth Im m of Twelver Shi'ites .
Bismarck or Bismark may refer to :
With a mass of 1.0243 kg , Neptune is an intermediate body between Earth and the larger gas giants : its mass is seventeen times that of the Earth but just 1\/19th that of Jupiter .
Following the deaths of Senna and fellow Grand Prix driver Roland Ratzenberger at Imola in 1994 , many Grand Prix circuits were modifed in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety .
1908 & ndash ; The Tunguska event occurs in remote Siberia .
Genetic algorithms belong to the larger class of evolutionary algorithms ( EA ) , which generate solutions to optimization problems using techniques inspired by natural evolution , such as inheritance , mutation , selection , and crossover .
They praised Percy 's '' brave leadership '' and said that '' the final clash would keep a Hollywood special effects team busy for years '' .
It is the principal radio station covering sport in the United Kingdom , broadcasting virtually all major sports events staged in the UK or involving British competitors .
Biography Habermas was born in Düsseldorf , North Rhine-Westphalia .
Clara Josephine Wieck was born in Leipzig on 13 September 1819 to Friedrich and Marianne Wieck ( née Tromlitz ) .
Family Onagraceae ( evening primrose family )
Maia Bang Violin Method , Part 1 , Page 8 The shoulder alone can also hinder the instrument 's tone if it is pressing against the back of the instrument .
On August 18 , 1972 at 13 years of age Balukas won the women 's division of the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship , along the way defeating five time champion Dorothy Wise and taking home a prize of $ 1,500 .
Another noted 18th century librettist was Lorenzo da Ponte , who wrote the libretti for three of Mozart 's greatest operas , as well as for many other composers .
U.S. News & World Report 's widely read rankings of undergraduate colleges in America currently places Ohio State as the 18th best public university and 53rd overall ranked university in America , as well as the highest ranked public university in Ohio .
Other works include Chopin 's Nocturnes No. 7 ( Op .
Arizona Diamondbacks ( -- )
1996 Cricket World Cup ; Pepsi ran a series of advertisements titled '' nothing official about it '' targeting the official sponsor Coca Cola .
Because the Sutra of Golden Light promised protection of the state , in Japan she became a protector-deity , at first of the state and then of people .
Year 1853 ( MDCCCLIII ) was a common year starting on Saturday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the Gregorian Calendar ( or a common year starting on Thursday of the 12-day slower Julian calendar ) .
He also has to battle his own demonic nature .
A Nigerian study has found that more than 800,000 people are enslaved , almost 8 % of the population .
Her parents are Geoff ( Howard Attfield ) and Sylvia Noble ( Jacqueline King ) .
The group collaborated with Sly & Robbie , who produced '' Underneath It All '' and '' Hey Baby '' and brought in dancehall toasters Lady Saw and Bounty Killer , and Steely & Clevie , who produced '' Start the Fire '' .
The 1979 season was an average but destructive season with 27 depressions , but only 9 became storms .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope 's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates ( Î , Î '' ) = ( â ' 23 Â , 20 Â ) with a 10 Â uncertainty , which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103 Â .
Fire was used to heat treat silcrete stones to increase their workability before they were knapped into tools by Stillbay culture .
Tron has a distinctive visual style , as it was one of the first films from a major studio to use computer graphics extensively .
A witness who has seen the event firsthand is known as an '' eye-witness '' .
( New York : Columbia University Press , 1952 ) p. 1364
Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
The most popular MEPIS distribution is SimplyMEPIS , which is based primarily on Debian stable .
In many Christian traditions , regular public worship is complemented by other forms of worship , such as individual meditation , prayer and study , small group prayer ( often linked with Bible study ) , and formal ceremonies on special occasions , including weddings , funerals , baptisms and events of Church or state .
Not all of the ammonium dichromate decomposes in this reaction .
One million (/O1,000,000/O) or one thousand thousand , is the natural number following 999,999 and preceding 1,000,001 .
Though some sources claim that colonial American houses often lacked closets because of a '' closet tax '' imposed by the British crown , others argue that closets were absent in most houses simply because their residents had few possessions .
Trading posts were also very common in the early settlements of Canada and the United States for the trade of such things as fur .
The DNA is transcribed to mRNA by an enzyme , RNA polymerase II , with the help of many other proteins .
After leaving SNL in 2006 , she created the television series 30 Rock , a situation comedy loosely based on her experiences at SNL .
All are set in the world of Earthsea , as are ( to date ) seven short stories by Le Guin , two of which are not collected in any of these books .
Madill is a city in Marshall County , Oklahoma , United States .
The island quickly recovered and towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach were incorporated in 1955 .
The above sample text would appear in Extended Basic Roman ( non-rhotic version ) as follows : Wans apon a taym , dha byutiful doota av a greyt majishan wontid moo paalz tu put amang haa trezhaz .
Spacecraft and space travel are common themes in works of science fiction .
Danizy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hilary Ann Swank was born July 30 , 1974 and she is a two-time Academy Award-winning American actress .
However now , we calculation because of tug and bulge , sun will pull Earth in the sun 's layer , and swallow it up before sun gets bigger .
When she brought it to Seattle in May 1914 , it attracted more than 6,000 people per day , culminating with an audience of 40,000 on May 31 .
1898 & ndash ; Shirley Booth , American actress ( d. 1992 )
Box Car Racer was an American post hardcore band from San Diego , California , formed in 2001 .
Kharan ( ) is a town in Kharan District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The band 's line-up has remained mostly static during their history , the only exception being the departure of Alec John Such in 1994 , who was unofficially replaced by Hugh McDonald .
By this time the methods of Impressionist painting , in a diluted form , had become commonplace in Salon art .
The official proof of a prime is through it primality certificate .
Today , it finds its expression mainly in a humorous form ( especially during the Rhineland Karneval ) and in sports .
Jennie Kwan ( born Jennifer Trinidad Fernando ; September 9 , 1973 ) is a Filipino-American actress and singer from Los Angeles , California .
Its discoverers claim that , on the basis of 268 characters sampled from all major Mesozoic mammal clades and principal eutherian families of the Cretaceous , Eomaia is placed at the root of the eutherian '' family tree '' along with Murtoilestes and Prokennalestes .
V. Michel , '' Le complexe ecclésiastique d'Emma üs - Nicopolis '' , Paris , Sorbonne ,1996 -- 1997 , pro manuscripto .
Introduced to India by the Portuguese , the chili/paprika from South America is today an integral part of Indian cuisine .
One cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of of a cubic metre , or of a litre , or one millilitre ; thus , 1 cm3 â 1 mL .
Mathematics is the study of quantity , structure , space , and change .
An architectural model is a type of a scale model , tangible ( also called sometimes physical ) representation of a structure built to study aspects of an architectural design or to communicate design ideas to clients , committees , and the general public .
Despite the negative response , the game sold enough copies to receive Greatest Hits ( Platinum Edition in Europe ) status on the Sony PlayStation 2 and Player 's Choice status on the Nintendo GameCube .
Cláudio Roberto da Silva , commonly known as Cláudio Caçapa or simply Caçapa ( Pronounced Kassapa ) ( born 29 May 1976 ) is a Brazilian football player .
Grand Ayatollah Ali Hoseyni Kh mene'i ( , , ; born 17 July 1939 ) is a politician as the figurehead of the Muslim conservative establishment in Iran and Twelver shi'a marja .
On July 10 , 2007 , Merriam-Webster announced it would induct the word smackdown into Webster 's Dictionary .
The 2018 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games , is a winter multi-sport event scheduled to take place between 9 and 24 February 2018 .
They walked along the coast of India to reach Australia .
, Dorchester , Massachusetts , United States
History Keelung was first inhabited by the Ketagalan , a tribe of Taiwanese aborigine .
From the moment the early European explorers sighted them , cacti have aroused much interest : Christopher Columbus brought the first melocactus to Europe .
Before making changes , please ensure that they will work within the context of that template
The majority of crustaceans are aquatic , living in either marine or fresh water environments , but a few groups have adapted to life on land , such as terrestrial crabs , terrestrial hermit crabs , and woodlice .
Terence Ian '' Terry '' Butcher is a former professional football player where he made his name as an uncompromising defender with Ipswich Town and Rangers in the 1980s .
It concerns the establishment of the first human colony on Avalon , fourth planet of Tau Ceti .
is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth .
CNR had over 38,000 different software packages , ranging from simple applications to major commercial works such as Win4Lin and StarOffice .
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Ginkgophyta - Ginkgo
The koala ( Phascolarctos cinereus ) is an arboreal herbivorous marsupial native to Australia , and the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae .
( http://www.amphibiaweb.org ) In November 2001 , the Canadian Species at Risk Act listed the Great Lakes population of the Tiger Salamander as being extirpated , and the Southern Mountain population in British Columbia 's Okanagan as endangered in Canada .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
Specialized English operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .
Only the size of a guinea pig , he spent the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas DÃ rflein began raising the cub .
He earned 103 caps , scoring 26 goalsAppearances for Austrian National Team - RSSSF , which makes him Austria 's most capped player of all-time .
Miscellany The axilla is one of the four sites ( the other three being the mouth , rectum , and ear canal ) in which a medical thermometer may be inserted in order to measure body temperature .
Aside from their eye-catching appearance , which make neon lights an attractive choice for business signs and building decoration , neon bulbs have also proven to be very sturdy and weather-resistant .
Its county seat is Morganton .
It is most commonly measured in forestry ; sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
Siena 's republic , struggling internally between nobles and the popular party , usually worked in political opposition to its great rival , Florence , and was in the 13th century predominantly Ghibelline in opposition to Florence 's Guelph position ( this conflict formed the backdrop for some of Dante 's Commedia ) .
Verne Troyer as Coach Punch Cherkov
This is a list of colleges and universities in Alaska .
The 1967 Stock is the deep-level tube stock currently in operation on the Victoria Line .
Viktor OrbÃ n ( OrbÃ n Viktor , ; born 31 May 1963 ) is a Hungarian politician and current Prime Minister of Hungary .
official_name = Tulcea
Dunkirk has a ferry connection with Dover , England .
Each daily devotion includes scripture , a statement of principle , the day 's '' dare , '' and a journaling area and check box to chart progress .
After his return from the Mysore War to Kongu , Chinnamalai built a palace in a village called Odanilai .
The Nobel Foundation , the organization awarding the prestigious Nobel Prize , presents each winner '' an assignment for the amount of the prize , a diploma , and a gold medal ... '' This example of a medal would be displayed on a table or in a cabinet , rather than worn by the winner .
In the city , crowds gather in search of the nose .
They avoid weaknesses identified in those of Euclid , whose works at the time were still used textbook-fashion .
Part of the Lesser Antilles , it is located north/northeast of the islands of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique .
490 Veritas is a large asteroid , which may have been involved in one of the more massive asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years .
Avoiding those users also means avoiding some significant articles where they obsess and dwell .
Enguinegatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The game originated in the UK and has been played there since Tudor times , with the earliest reference being in 1745 in A Little Pretty Pocket-Book where it is called '' baseball '' .
Mercury ( I ) bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury ( I ) nitrate .
It is best known for being where the Promenade Concerts were founded by Robert Newman , with ( Sir ) Henry J. Wood , in 1895 .
.2
Lemé is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Manatees ( family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
The Football League Cup , commonly known as the League Cup or , from current sponsorship , the Carling Cup , is an English football competition .
Segments have been spun off of his emails , including '' Teen Girl Squad '' , a comic drawn by Strong Bad about four teenage friends .
TouÃ '' t-sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
January 7 & ndash ; Catharine of Aragon , first consort queen from Henry VIII , dies .
National University of Benin - is the principal university in Benin .
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton MBE ( born 7 January 1985 ) is a British Formula One racing driver from England , currently racing for the McLaren team , and was the Formula One World Champion . Hamilton was born in Stevenage , Hertfordshire .
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
On April 29 , 2007 , the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards , where they were nominated for three awards , winning '' Best Rock Video '' and '' Video of the Year '' for '' The Kill '' .
Grand Prince Andrey of Gorodets ( approximate date ; d. 1304 )
American Journal of Botany 91:1582 -- 1598 ( online abstract here ) .
Therefore , the spiny mouse should never be picked up by its tail and should be handled with care to avoid a degloving injury .
They are found in tropical , subtropical and temperate regions , including the Indo-Pacific and the Atlantic coast of Africa .
The term '' time machine '' , coined by Wells , is now universally used to refer to such a vehicle .
Photography uses foremost radiation in the UV , visible and near-IR spectrum .
The lion in the bottom left derives from the county of Meissen ( see Saxony ) , to which the southern area of the district belonged historically .
Instead , the consumption of plants would be limited to parts that were made of simpler sugars and carbohydrates such as seeds , flowers , and fleshy fruits .
In the Baroque period , music in F minor was usually written with a three-flat key signature , and some modern editions of that repertoire retain that convention .
The album was released on 14 June 2010 , the album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
All of these issues have collectively influenced Tiger Salamander populations .
There is often a strong religious element to these studies and beliefs , and many occultists profess adherence to religions such as Gnosticism , Hermeticism , Luciferianism , Satanism , Thelema , Neopaganism etc. .
Gergiev conducted this production in Cardiff in 2006 at the Wales Millennium Centre , and in Costa Mesa , California in October 2006 at the Orange County Performing Arts Center .
Carrot cake is a cake which consists of grated carrot mixed with batter .
He also served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990 .
Lassy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Their production company ( 581 Entertainment ) which handled the group fell through , and all the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects .
This agreement has been criticised , most notably by the Groklaw website for being disingenuously short-lived and limited , and against the spirit of the GNU General Public License .
Soon , the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed , under the leadership of Alexander Miasnikyan .
Nontheism includes a variety of belief systems : '' Strong atheism '' is the positive belief that a god does not exist .
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word in the old local dialect meaning '' joyful '' .
Barracks , military housing
At Ancestry.com ( born January 30 , 1930 ) is an American actor .
The 1960s and 1970s were a major boom period for the Olympic , as major wrestling events were held at the arena every other Friday night , as well as being the home to the roller-derby 's Los Angeles T-Birds .
Though it does not actually measure the percentage of body fat , it is used to estimate a healthy body weight based on a person 's height .
He is regarded as one of the greatest British poets and remains widely read and influential , both in the English-speaking world and beyond .
Lemon juice is about 5 % to 6 % ( approximately 0.3 M ) citric acid , which gives lemons a sour taste , and a pH of 2-3 . This makes lemon juice an inexpensive , readily available acid for use in educational science experiments .
Today In 1985 , a life-size bronze statue of Wadlow by Ned Giberson was erected at the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville School of Dental Medicine .
2009 .
Incorporating the full range of animal diversity into the Ark story was becoming increasingly difficult , and by the middle of the 18th century few natural historians could justify a literal interpretation of the Noah 's Ark narrative .
Among products produced in Chojnów are : paper products , agricultural machinery , chains , metal furniture for hospitals , equipment for the meat industry , beer , wine , leather clothing , and clothing for infants , children and adults .
These proved unreliable , and were removed during midlife refubishment , but the '' Hoover '' nickname stuck although younger rail enthusiasts started applying alternative names ; such as '' Dub-Dubs '' because of the new engine sound .
Among Christian churches which have a liturgical tradition , several different types of veils are used . These veils are often symbolically tied to the veils in the Tabernacle in the wilderness and in Solomon 's Temple .
In 1367 , Henry IV was born at Bolingbroke .
In the Southeast of the State , the National Park of Serra da Capivara is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
For the as weapon of Ganesha in various forms , see : Nagar , Appendix I. as an attribute of Ganesha , see : Nagar , Appendix I.
Naoshi Nakamura ( , born January 27 , 1979 in Chiba ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for J. League division 1 side Nagoya Grampus .
Moreover , the city is home to the Institut International de Lancy ( founded in 1903 ) and to the International University in Geneva , an accredited International University .
Corsica is an island in the Mediterranean Sea .
MacFarlane also has a character on Family Guy named after Hartman : named Dr. Elmer Hartman .
Kimi RÃ ikkÃ nen won the inaugural race of the 2007 season at Albert Park , becoming the first Ferrari driver to win on his dÃ but since Nigel Mansell . Scuderia Ferrari went on to win the 2007 Constructors championship , and Kimi RÃ ikkÃ nen took the driver 's championship .
It is now listed as part of the Stonehenge , Avebury and Associated Sites World Heritage Site .
The first book to recognize the scientific potential of lucid dreams was Celia Green 's 1968 study Lucid Dreams .
The film had a strong second place domestic opening over the Presidents ' Day weekend , grossing '' a higher-than-expected '' $ 28,536,717 from 2,284 screens , earning an average of $ 9,885 per screen .
Anchorage is a city in eastern Jefferson County .
Body Jewellery Shop - common body piercing problems Ear piercings are the most commonly stretched piercings , with nasal septum piercings , tongue piercings and lip piercings\/lip plates following close behind .
Predicted events February - NASA 's Dawn spacecraft is expected to arrive at the dwarf planet Ceres .
2012 ( MMXII ) will be a leap year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
The only mammalian examples are the naked mole rat and the Damaraland mole rat .
For 250 years Christians suffered from sporadic persecutions for their refusal to worship the Roman emperor , considered treasonous and punishable by execution .
In January 1964 , Morrison moved to Los Angeles , California to attend UCLA .
Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole and told him that Postl 's name was Hornswoggle .
The U.S. Army 36th Infantry Division , in Italy , attempts to cross the Rapido River .
Gravity causes material in the disc to spiral inward towards the central body .
The music video for '' Come as You Are '' was directed by Kevin Kerslake , who drew inspiration for it from the cover artwork of Nevermind .
The temperature of the crust increases with depth , reaching values typically in the range from about 200 C ( 392 F ) to 400 C ( 752 F ) at the boundary with the underlying mantle .
Both music and lyrics articulated a sense of pride in the power of the northwest 's peasantry .
With little disturbance on both water flows and vegetation cover throughout entire catchments , Cape York Peninsula has been identified as one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain essentially intact .
Katherine was always the newcomer and never fit in very well , perhaps in part due to her British accent and secondhand clothing .
in Mexico ) was a Spanish novelist and writer .
For the first hour ( UTC 10:00 â '' 10:59 ) , this is true for inhabited territories , whereas during the second hour ( UTC 11:00 â '' 11:59 ) it is only true if one counts an uninhabited maritime time zone twelve hours behind UTC .
Mercury compounds are those that contain mercury ( Hg ) .
The treasures of the church are a crucifix from the 10th century and a Gospel book from the 11th century
Various interpretations of '' rain dances '' can be found in many agricultural or gardening cultures , from Ancient Egypt to certain Native American tribes .
The second part is three letters , which is the British Standard BS 6879 three-letter code of the subdivision .
The 2005 Mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
Dendermonde ( French : Termonde ) is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Reviews and quotes about Plan B 4.0 Klaus Schwab of the World Economic Forum describes it as '' a great book which should wake up humankind . ''
The memories also reveal that Snape did not murder Dumbledore , but carried out Dumbledore 's prearranged plan .
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A goal of compiler and processor designers is to identify and take advantage of as much ILP as possible .
Andrea Fortunato ( July 26 , 1971 -- April 25 , 1995 ) was an Italian football player who played as a left-back for Juventus and the Italian national team .
Kakul is a town situated in the Kakul Valley at an elevation of 1300 metres , 5 km northeast of Abbottabad city near the Thandiani Hills , in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
However , considerable volcanic activity has taken place in the geologically recent past , most notably the explosive eruption that occurred at Mount Meager 2,350 years ago .
These enhancements allowed him to exceed the limits of power imposed by his fully organic form , and it is stated that he was more powerful than ever ( however even with this increase in power , he was still no match against the power of a well trained Super Saiyan ) .
The vocabulary of the text consists of just fifty different words , of which 49 are monosyllabic ( the one exception being '' anywhere '' ) .
The parish church , unused since the 1970s , is on the site of an early Christian monastery founded by St AdomnÃ n , Abbot of Iona ( died 704 ) .
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The automated system is used throughout the entire subway and RT system .
Mafic lava , before cooling , has a low viscosity , in comparison to felsic lava , due to the lower silica content in mafic magma .
Catherine McCoid and LeRoy McDermott theorize that the figurines were done as self portraits by the women themselves .
official_name = Gura Humorului
Nord ( , ) is one of the ten departments ( French : départements ) of Haiti .
It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne opposite Newcastle upon Tyne and together they form the urban core of Tyneside .
This legend first appeared in the Belur inscription of Vishnuvardhana (/O1117/O) , but owing to several inconsistencies in the Sala story it remains in the realm of folklore .
It resembles a triangle in shape , and is bordered by Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal down to the state of Tamil Nadu , India and Sri Lanka to the west and Burma ( Myanmar ) and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the east .
Another example was the terrestrial globe introduced to Beijing by the Persian astronomer , Jamal ad-Din , in 1267 .
The police are waiting outside , and Killer Kane is taken back to prison and has to serve his original time plus ten years .
The pig nevertheless became one of the enduring symbols of Pink Floyd , and inflatable pigs were a staple of Pink Floyd live performances from then on .
The number of betting rounds in a game influences how well the game plays with different betting structures .
His mother was an actress who worked in the theatre of Vsevolod Meyerhold .
The show ran for three seasons , from August 12 , 1995 to February 7 , 1997 , and spawned its own short-run comic book series , Adventures of The Mask .
Prudius has won numerous achievements , becoming the 2005 USA Open Heavyweight Sambo Champion
The Agnatha are ectothermic or cold blooded , with a cartilaginous skeleton , and the heart contains 2 chambers .
On the North it is bounded by the Barents Sea , on the West by the Norwegian Sea and on the East by the White Sea .
Many great artists including Sviatoslav Richter , Vladimir Ashkenazy , Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , Victoria de los Ã ngeles , Sergey Prokofiev , Shura Cherkassky , Paul Hindemith , AndrÃ s Segovia , Benjamin Britten and Francis Poulenc have performed there .
In December , 1997 Ignacio Ramonet , editor of Le Monde Diplomatique , renewed the debate around the Tobin tax with an editorial titled '' Disarming the markets '' .
Its population , as of 2010 , is 197,426 , making it the fourth largest city in the country after Copenhagen , Århus , and Odense .
1900 saw the commission The Dream of Gerontius from Edward Elgar .
Kevin Bacon himself has a Bacon number of 0 .
His motives soon changed however , as he decided to use his talents to fight the criminal element that plagued South Texas .
In 1933 Hoffmann -- La Roche became the first pharmaceutical company to mass-produce synthetic vitamin C , under the brand name of Redoxon .
Ticino borders the Canton of Uri to the north , Valais to the west ( through the Novena Pass ) , Graubünden to the northeast , Italy 's regions of Piedmont and Lombardy to the south and it surrounds the small Italian exclave of Campione d'Italia .
Donnay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
for this ` Helen of the West ' ,
The 2010 WTA Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments ( supervised by the International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) ) , the WTA Premier tournaments ( Premier Mandatory , Premier 5 and regular Premier ) , the WTA International tournaments , the Fed Cup ( organized by the ITF ) , and the year-end championships ( the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships ) .
findarticles.com '' Disney buys Muppets as bid prospect fades '' 2/18/04 Exceptions include characters appearing on Sesame Street ( as they were previously sold to Sesame Workshop , although they have always had creative rights , only paying The Jim Henson Company to create and provide their Muppet characters for their use ) and the Fraggles of Fraggle Rock ( which are still owned by The Jim Henson Company ) .
Michael ( '' Mick '' ) Collins ( ; 16 October 1890 22 August 1922 ) was an Irish revolutionary leader , Minister for Finance and MP for Cork South in the First Dáil of 1919 , Director of Intelligence for the IRA , and member of the Irish delegation during the Anglo-Irish Treaty negotiations .
Timber expands and contracts in response to humidity , usually much less so longitudinally than in the radial and tangential directions .
Laurent Clerc ( 26 December 1785 â '' 18 July 1869 ) , born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc , was called '' The Apostle of the deaf in America '' by generations of American deaf people .
Wizzart had planned to attend the University of Manchester to study law .
This period of civil war has become emblematic of the cyclic political disturbances in the history of the Roman Empire .
Roussel 's orchestration is rather heavy compared to the subtle and nuanced style of other French composers like Gabriel FaurÃ or Claude Debussy .
For gases , pressure is sometimes measured not as an absolute pressure , but relative to atmospheric pressure ; such measurements are called gauge pressure ( also sometimes spelled gage pressure ) .
Nocera Inferiore , formerly Nocera dei Pagani , is a town and comune in Campania , Italy , in the province of Salerno , at the foot of Monte Albino , 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail .
The Number of the Beast is the third studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
Meurchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paving the Way for ESL - extended shelf-life milk products | Dairy Foods | Find Articles at BNET.com Milk simply labeled '' pasteurized '' is usually treated with the HTST method , whereas milk labeled '' ultra-pasteurized '' or simply '' UHT '' has been treated with the UHT method .
Ghazan II replaces Anusirvan as ruler of the Il-Khanate in Persia .
Due to Raw 's taping schedule on several occasions , WCW Vice President Eric Bischoff , who was also an on-air personality , would frequently give away the results of WWF 's taped Raw shows on the live WCW show .
It was for Francis that Leonardo was commissioned to make a mechanical lion which could walk forward , then open its chest to reveal a cluster of lilies .
The London Borough of Harrow is a London borough of north-west London .
Demi Moore Kutcher , professionally known as Demi Moore ( born November 11 , 1962 ) is an American actress .
He was the President of Zambia from January 2002 until his death in August 2008 .
Ned Kelly The outlaw Ned Kelly had many links to Beechworth - he spent time in HM Prison Beechworth and fought a famous boxing bout with Isaiah ` Wild '' Wright in the back of a local hotel [ ] .
Isabella Mary Beeton ( née Mayson ) ( 12 March 1836 -- 6 February 1865 ) , universally known as Mrs Beeton , was the English author of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , and is one of the most famous cookery writers .
Macon is a city located in central Georgia , US .
The album was released on July 9 , 2002 on Warner Bros. .
There is also one of three Kimball Farms , an ice cream store fairly well known in the state of Massachusetts .
Nuclear power provides about 6 % of the world 's energy and 13 â '' 14 % of the world 's electricity , with the U.S. , France , and Japan together accounting for about 50 % of nuclear generated electricity .
Lorenz popularized FAPs as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of identifiable stimuli ( called sign stimuli or releasing stimuli ) .
An unsafe abortion is the termination of an unintended pregnancy by persons lacking the necessary skills , or in an environment lacking the minimal medical standards , or both .
During World War II it was called RAF Ringway , and from 1975 until 1986 the title was Manchester International Airport .
Although there are sections exclusively for women and children , the Grand Mosque in Mecca is desegregated .
Approximately 80 species of plants bear Banks 's name .
At the time she was singing purely traditional unaccompanied material but in 1976 she collaborated with Maddy Prior on the Silly Sisters album and tour , with a full band that included Nic Jones .
Illinois has 59 legislative districts , with two representatives and one senator from each correspondent district .
At a dinner party attended by the Dearly couple , Cruella de Vil expresses her dislike for animals ; subsequently , the couple 's new Dalmatian puppies disappear .
Condition ,
Tamworth is nationally famous as the '' Country Music Capital of Australia '' , annually hosting the Tamworth Country Music Festival in late January ; the second biggest country music festival in the world .
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada in Division No. 1 .
Camillo Berneri ( also known as Camillo da Lodi ; May 28 1897 , Lodi -- May 5 1937 , Barcelona ) was an Italian professor of philosophy , anarchist militant , propagandist and theorist .
Düsseldorf ( ) is the capital city of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and center of the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region .
Actias luna , commonly known as the Luna Moth , is a lime-green , Nearctic Saturniid moth in the subfamily Saturniinae .
In Norse mythology , Fenris or Fenrir ( Old Norse '' fen-dweller '' Orchard (/O1997:42/O) . )
He is the author of 57 books , the best known of which is Night , a memoir that describes his experiences during the Holocaust and his imprisonment in several concentration camps .
'' Sveccha means one 's own wish or free will .
The majority of then-existing oblasts were located on the periphery of the country ( e.g. Kars Oblast or Transcaspian Oblast ) or covered the areas where Cossacks lived .
Modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth , differentiation and '' morphogenesis '' , which is the process that gives rise to tissues , organs and anatomy .
Richmond ( ) is a city in western Contra Costa County , California , United States .
In 1819 & ndash ; 1820 , at least two chemists reported a white solid with a pungent odor derived from the distillation of coal tar .
Þrúðr is also the name of one of the valkyries who serve ale to the einherjar in Valhalla ( Grímnismál , stanza 36 ) .
A new constitution was adopted in 2007 ( the Virgin Islands Constitution Order , 2007 ) Virgin Islands Constitution Order 2007 and came into force when the Legislative Council was dissolved for the 2007 general election .
Essars is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Domptin is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford ( born April 8 , 1918 ) , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
He is best known for his first novel , The Tin Drum , a key text in European magic realism and the first part of his Danzig Trilogy .
In the fall semester of 1973 , Carver was a teacher in the Iowa Writers ' Workshop with John Cheever , but Carver stated that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing .
Currently for Brazil , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 federal district and 26 states .
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von-Aesch or simply Alexander Gode ( October 30 , 1906 in Bremen - August 10 , 1970 in Mount Kisco , New York ) was a German-American linguist , translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language Interlingua .
Mazan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Saint-Martin-d ` Ardèche is situated at the southern entrance of the Ardèche Canyon , the Gorges de l'Ard èche .
The city is located on an ancient ford on the river Main , the German word for which is '' Furt '' .
Beuchat International , known as Beuchat , was established in 1934 in Marseille , France and is now a worldwide leader in the design , manufacture and marketing of underwater equipment .
The number of Pidgin users was estimated to be over 3 million in 2007 .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ; ) is a Paris-based autonomous intergovernmental organization established in the framework of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) in 1974 in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis .
Edward Joseph Derwinski ( born September 15 , 1926 ) is an American politician who served as the first Cabinet-level United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving under President George H. W. Bush from March 15 , 1989 to September 26 , 1992 .
The base is a converted German Army Air Field , which is reflected in some of the buildings , including the housing area .
The theoretical possibility of the British Parliament enacting laws to override the Australian Constitution was also removed .
The Edsel was a brand of car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company during the 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 model years .
Antioch on the Orontes ( ; ; ; Arabic : , Antakya ; also Great Antioch or Syrian Antioch ) was an ancient city on the eastern side of the Orontes River .
MeshName =
Its central rite , which is public , is called Liber XV , or the Gnostic Mass. .
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited ( , ) is the flag carrier of Hong Kong , with its headquarters and main hub at Hong Kong International Airport .
Trinidad & Tobago 11 - 1 Antigua & Barbuda ( Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago ; November 10 , 1972 )
Yes may refer to :
According to German food laws , only products called '' Bavarian Leberkäse '' are allowed not to contain liver ; otherwise , there must be a minimum liver content of 4 % .
Features of Djibouti City include beaches along its eastern shore and the large Central Market , the national stadium Stade du Ville , the Presidential Palace and Hamoudi Mosque .
The speech by Winston Churchill announcing victory to the British people is evidence of a de facto recognition of the Flensburg Government 's authority , since Churchill mentioned that the surrender was authorized by '' Grand Admiral Dönitz , the designated Head of the German State '' .
March 4 & ndash ; Grand Duchess Anna Petrovna of Russia , eldest daughter of Peter the Great ( b. 1708 )
It has been tried to be recreated a number of times in recent years , but the original Woodstock festival of 1969 has proven to be legendary .
Immediately , Weiland and DeLeo formed a band with two of Scott 's friends from Edison High School , Corey Hicock ( guitar ) and David Allin ( drums ) .
La Salvia-Los Quemados
The song is influenced by 1970s funk and contains limited elements of 1980s go-go , with sound that closely resembles live music .
USB cables and small USB devices are held in place by the gripping force from the receptacle ( without need of the screws , clips , or thumbturns other connectors have required ) .
It may also be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional , performance and cost goals .
It is subordinated to the 36th Division and is one of the most highly decorated infantry units in the Israel Defense Forces .
The municipality was formed on January 1 , 1977 through the unification of the previously separate municipalities of Seeheim and Jugenheim .
The entire recovery process is usually completed within four hours .
A prolific actor , some of Sutherland 's better-known roles in the 1980s and 1990s were in the South African apartheid drama A Dry White Season (/O1989/O) , alongside Marlon Brando and Susan Sarandon ; as an incarcerated pyromaniac in the firefighter thriller Backdraft (/O1991/O) , alongside Kurt Russell and Robert De Niro ; and as the snobbish NYC art dealer in Six Degrees of Separation (/O1993/O) , with Stockard Channing and Will Smith .
1814 & ndash ; Jean-Fran çois Millet , French painter ( d. 1875 )
The township of '' Coura Rocks '' had its beginnings in 1844 .
Langueux is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
This process copies a piece of DNA .
In 1805 , Lucca was taken over by Napoleon , who put his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi in charge as '' Queen of Etruria '' .
In 1979 , Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa -- the innermost , essential nature of mind -- for his work .
The Turkic languages constitute a language family of at least thirty five languages , spoken by Turkic peoples across a vast area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China , and are considered to be part of the proposed Altaic language family .
Abilene , Texas , United States
Chromium ( III ) oxide is the inorganic compound of the formula Cr2O3 .
The next year he was awarded with the Nobel Prize in Literature .
Acton Town , opened July 1 , 1879 by the Metropolitan District Railway , later District line ; first served by the Piccadilly line July 4 , 1932 .
Link all dates , even if repeated , for date-format preferences .
The Movie , which served as the pilot to a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series .
Most of the subscribers of this newspaper are located in San Felipe , La Paz and Cabo San Lucas San Felipe .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport is the major international airport in Istanbul , Turkey .
It divides the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau .
Alan Arthur Johnson ( born 17 May 1950 ) is a British Labor Party politician who served as Home Secretary from June 2009 to May 2010 .
However , his writings record the use of a wide variety of stimuli , including electric shocks , whistles , metronomes , tuning forks , and a range of visual stimuli , in addition to ringing a bell .
Wilson , who was Sutton 's teacher , called this the Sutton -- Boveri hypothesis .
Jhangochi ( Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û ) is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language .
As a result , the passengers decided to mount an assault against the hijackers and gain control of the aircraft .
1893 & ndash ; Lizzie Borden is acquitted for the murders of her father and stepmother .
The sound attributes that determine the meter may vary from language to language , and sometimes between poetic traditions .
Mudskippers are members of the subfamily Oxudercinae ( tribe Periophthalmini ) , within the family Gobiidae ( Gobies ) .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous tourist towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
When Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s , teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist .
Dario JosÃ dos Santos ( born 4 March 1943 in Rio de Janeiro ) , nicknamed Dario , or DadÃ Maravilha ( Wonder DadÃ ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
Ze ( , ) is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , representing the consonant .
By the 1750s , the suite had come to be seen as old-fashioned , superseded by the symphony and concerto , and few composers were still writing suites during that time .
The optimal habitat of P. terribilis is the rainforest with high rain rates ( 5 m or more ) , altitude between 100 â '' 200 m , temperature of at least 26 Â C , and relative humidity of 80 â '' 90 % .
The pre-Roman Britons used mostly unpaved trackways for their communications , including very ancient ones running along elevated ridges of hills , such as the South Downs Way , now a public long-distance footpath .
He is particularly well known for his papers on mechanism design\/implementation theory and dynamic games .
The name of the band was suggested by bass guitarist Mikey Way , younger brother of Gerard , who was working in a library when he was struck by the title of a book named '' Ecstacy : Three Tales of Chemical Romance '' .
Figure skaters compete at various levels from beginner up to the Olympic level ( senior ) , and at local , national , and international competitions .
In soil science , humus ( Origin : 1790 â '' 1800 ; ( Latin : earth , ground ) refers to any organic matter that has reached a point of stability , where it will break down no further and might , if conditions do not change , remain as it is for centuries , if not millennia .
1970 & ndash ; Tonga gains independence from the United Kingdom .
In 1988 , Roraima became a state by decision of the National Congress .
More dinosaurs have been discovered in Asia than any other continent so far .
Tropical storms arrive every 3 or 4 years .
He plays for the J. League Division 1 team Omiya Ardija .
Flame is burning gas or vapor , the visible part of fire .
In 1938 , under the First Vienna Award of that year , KomÃ rno ( now again as KomÃ rom ) was returned to Hungary .
There are several unrelated rainbow flags in use today .
A county is a land area of local government within a country .
The names of all four satellites of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John in 1852 , at the request of William Lassell , who had discovered the other two moons , Ariel and Umbriel , the year before .
It is named for one of the oceanographic research vessels involved in its discovery in 1993 .
The village was founded in 972 .
These range from youth sports through professional level athletics .
She earned her accolade as Europe 's first professional woman writer .
The river 's source is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor , approximately 1.5 m north of Bacup , in the parish of Cliviger , Lancashire .
In criminal law , rape is an assault by a person involving sexual intercourse with another person without that person 's consent .
These tell of school-holiday adventures of children , mostly in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads .
Clara By-Pass Road Tindalo St. Yakal St. / Luwasan References External links Official Website of Barangay Sta .
He was elected MP for Derbyshire in 1741 and 1747 .
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce , '' We have some planes , just stay quiet and you 'll be okay .
Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait Islands group off the coast of far northern Queensland , Australia .
Agriculture : A considerable part of the area is irrigated .
He was seen by Bonapartists as the rightful Emperor of the French after the death of Napoleon 's own son Napoleon II in 1832 , although he did little to advance his claim .
Its divine wind will sweep through [ the galaxy ] , propelling all who are worthy along the path of salvation .
Its first pastor was William Rider , and many notable others have filled the position since , including Benjamin Keach , Dr. John Gill , Dr. John Rippon , and C. H. Spurgeon .
Prior to the 2005 Australian Open , Safin had caught fire towards the end of the 2004 season , thanks in part to his hiring of Peter Lundgren , and was seen as among the favorites for the title .
His increasingly nationalistic views and the effectiveness with which he articulated them led Webster to become one of the most famous orators and influential Whig leaders of the Second Party System .
Goudelancourt-l Ã s-Berrieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Two major tributaries enter from the east during this last phase : the Yarmouk River and Jabbok River .
This is sometimes referred to as the '' flux density ' '' .
Ardengus becomes bishop of Florence .
Ö 3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart , as well as the radio show which presents it , aired Fridays on Hitradio Ö 3 .
Isle-Aubigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Gours is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Chuang Yi Publishing Pte Ltd. , September 2004 .
1863 & ndash ; American Civil War : Battle of Arkansas Post & ndash ; General John McClernand and Admiral David Dixon Porter capture the Arkansas River for the Union .
Her third album , ' (/O1996/O) , was nominated for a Grammy and continued for 70 weeks in the Billboard jazz charts .
Neoprene or polychloroprene is a family of synthetic rubbers that are produced by polymerization of chloroprene .
Richard de la Pole , last Yorkist claimant to the English throne
At a minimum , HDTV has twice the linear resolution of standard-definition television ( SDTV ) , thus showing greater detail than either analog television or regular DVD .
Add the text ' to your talk page and type your question below it , and someone will come and help you out as soon as possible .
He was also a collector of English folk music and song which influenced his editorial approach to the English Hymnal , beginning in 1904 , containing many folk song arrangements set as hymn tunes , in addition to several original compositions .
Bahá ` u 'll áh was born on November 12 , 1817 , in Tehran , the capital city of Persia , in present-day Iran .
Renewables Global Status Report : 2009 Update p. 12 .
Some of the songs were written during Wicked Lester 's brief existence , while '' Firehouse '' was written by Paul Stanley while he was attending Music and Art High School in NYC .
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket 's name describes this , as it means ( she who ) tightens the throat , however , Serket 's name also can be read as meaning ( she who ) causes the throat to breathe , and so , as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous , Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites .
In Germany , Punch is called Kasperle or Kaspar while Judy is '' Grete '' .
John of Gaunt died in 1399 , and without explanation , Richard cancelled the legal documents that would have allowed Henry to inherit Gaunt 's land automatically ; instead , Henry would be required to ask for the lands from Richard .
In general , the incident wave is partially refracted and partially reflected ; the details of this behavior are described by the Fresnel equations .
He was voiced by Jeremy Irons in the English version of The Lion King and his supervising animator was Andreas Deja .
Cynicism ( ) , in its original form , refers to the beliefs of an ancient school of Greek philosophers known as the Cynics ( , ) .
Sanctuaries in Israel face towards Jerusalem .
T-square The receiving partner lies on their back with knees up and legs apart .
It was a pro-Ming Dynasty kingdom , and was founded by Koxinga ( ) , literally Lord with the Imperial Surname , because he was given the Ming Emperor 's Surname ) , after the destruction of Ming power by the Manchu .
April 22 & ndash ; The first of the Statutes of Westminster are passed by the English Parliament , establishing a series of laws in its 51 clauses , including equal treatment of rich and poor , free and fair elections , and definition of bailable and non-bailable offenses .
The modern camera evolved from the camera obscura .
Richard Feynman begins his Lectures with the atomic hypothesis , as his most compact statement of all scientific knowledge : '' If , in some cataclysm , all of scientific knowledge were to be destroyed , and only one sentence passed on to the next generations ... , what statement would contain the most information in the fewest words ?
Rickardsville is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
They combine elements of black metal , death metal , and folk metal with a type of Finnish folk music called humppa .
Due to the legal issues , version 2.0 of the software was frozen in beta stages .
98 , pages 333-370 .
Weatherford is a city in Custer County , Oklahoma , United States .
India sent it 's army in and fought the Pakistanis with the Bengalis until Pakistan was totally defeated and driven out of Bangladesh in December 16 , 1971 .
Melodifestivalen ( , '' The Melody Festival '' ) is an annual music competition organised by Swedish public broadcasters Sveriges Television ( SVT ) and Sveriges Radio ( SR ) .
Generally , criminal theft involves taking possession of property illegally .
Bürgermeister , in German : in Germany , Austria , and formerly in Switzerland .
Her father , Benjamin Mayson , died when she was young and her mother , Elizabeth Jerram later married again Henry Dorling , who was a widower and had four children of his own .
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
Visitors can take the '' Tower Tour '' where the interior of the hollow spire , with its ancient wood scaffolding , can be viewed .
In accordance with his pre-election pledge , bus fares were frozen for four years , but then the cash fares on buses more than doubled while Oyster ( see below ) fares stayed the same .
UCI Road World Championships Junior Men 's Road Race 1980 Member , United States Olympic Cycling Team 1981 Renault-Elf-Gitane First year as a professional .
Baking powder works by releasing carbon dioxide gas into a batter or dough through an acid-base reaction , causing bubbles in the wet mixture to expand and thus leavening the mixture .
His jersey number 33 has been retired by the Colorado Avalanche and the Montreal Canadiens .
The song became the group 's first number one in the UK on October 15 , 2006 , staying there for two weeks , and later rose to number one on the Modern Rock charts on October 26 , 2006 , where it would stay for seven weeks .
Irish clubs withdrew from the competition after 1971-72 due to political pressure , Withdrawal of Irish clubs and in 1973-74 and 1974-75 competed in a separate Texaco ( All-Ireland ) Cup.All-Ireland Cross-Border Cup Competitions , ( C ) Copyright Sean DeLoughry , Julian Canny and RSSSF 2003\/08 The tournament was sponsored by American petroleum giant Texaco to the tune of # 100,000 , and was instituted to help promote their recent purchase of the Regent filling station chain .
The olive tree is native to the Mediterranean region and Western Asia , and spread to nearby countries from there .
A smoothing plane , up to long , is used to begin preparing the surface for finishing .
Cecil Adams , The Straight Dope , February 2001 , webpage :
In 1992 the imprint achieved its first # 1 record in The Cure 's album Wish , which reached the top of the charts in the United Kingdom .
The chemical signal binds to the outer portion of the receptor , changing its shape and conveying another signal inside the cell .
1965 & ndash ; Vietnam War : Just miles from Da Nang , United States Marines repel an intense attack by wave after wave of Viet Cong forces , killing 56 guerrillas .
Gunnedah railway station is situated on the Mungindi ( or North West ) railway line , 475 k from Sydney .
The metropolitan area has a population of 1,240,000 , and the city proper 1,090,000 ( 2005 census ) .
The figures below are for the Taunton Deane area .
Anantnag district comprises these tehsils :
The Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) , is the publically-owned organiation in charge of aviation ( flying ) in the United Kingdom ( UK ) .
Even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : '' the inmates are running the asylum '' .
Working Group III : MitigationWorking Group 3 , IPCC .
Kite shields were commonly used by cavalry as well .
George B. McClellan
Marin Mersenne , Marin Mersennus or le PÃ re Mersenne ( September 8 , 1588 -- September 1 , 1648 ) was a French theologian , philosopher , mathematician and music theorist , often referred to as the '' father of acoustics '' .
Gelder 2007 Identifying subcultures Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age , ethnicity , class , location , and/or gender of the members .
Given the small size of a boot sector , Stage 1 does little more than load the next stage of GRUB ( which may reside physically elsewhere on the disk ) .
Ecuador ( ) , officially the Republic of Ecuador ( , ) , literally , '' Republic of the equator '' ) is a representative democratic republic in South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and by the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Johnny Reid '' John '' Edwards ( born June 10 , 1953 ) is an American politician who served one term as U.S. Senator from North Carolina .
The City of Delta Junction sits on the Delta River at the intersection of the Richardson Highway and the famed Alaska Highway ( actually , the end of the Alaska Highway ) . The city and Delta community lie within the fertile Tanana River valley .
William Moseley , Anna Popplewell , Georgie Henley and Skandar Keynes play Peter , Susan , Lucy and Edmund , four British children evacuated during the Blitz to the countryside , who find a wardrobe that leads to the fantasy world of Narnia .
Tropical waves in the Atlantic basin develop from disturbances which develop as far east as Sudan in east Africa and drift over the continent into the Atlantic ocean .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium , which opened in 1978 and holds 10,300 fans .
It emerged that the letters were forgeries written by journalist Richard Pigott , and Parnell was personally vindicated by the Parnell Commission in 1888-89 .
The largest horse show in Norway , the Arctic Equestrian Games , is held at the Brunstad Conference Center .
It connects via the high speed parallel port at the bottom of the GameCube and requires use of a boot disc to access the hardware .
Chuck Norris facts are satirical factoids about martial artist and actor Chuck Norris that have become an Internet phenomenon and as a result have become widespread in popular culture .
Saxe-Coburg ( ) was a duchy held by the Ernestine branch of the Wettin dynasty in today 's Bavaria , Germany .
Sputnikmusic link
He has played as goalkeeper for Urawa Red Diamonds.Com ment from Goal Keeper Coach Hisashi Tsuchida '' I have been with the Reds for such a long time .
The Pigeon Detectives are an English band from Rothwell , West Yorkshire , who formed in 2002 .
The Buddha , on his death bed , had resolved five things , one being that the branch which should be taken to Ceylon should detach itself .
Candidates are required to pass Grade 5 Theory or Grade 5 Practical Musicianship or Grade 5 Jazz in order to progress to practical exams at Grades 6 , 7 and 8 .
They are found worldwide , mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves , and are carnivores , mostly eating fish and squid .
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party ( SDHP ) ( ) , is the oldest of the Armenian political parties and was the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia .
Courier Forschungsinstitut Senckenberg no 255 : pp 7 -- 75 .
The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind , but the mutual self-defense clause was never invoked during the Cold War .
She runs home to find Rhett packing to leave her , she begs him not to leave , telling him she realizes now that she had loved him all along , that she never really loved Ashley .
Nevada is a city in and the county seat of Story County , Iowa , United States .
Kanawha is a city in Hancock County , Iowa , United States .
Christine Jane Baranski ( born May 2 , 1952 ) is an American stage and screen actress .
Erinaceomorpha
The Stampede 's roots are traced to 1886 when the Calgary and District Agricultural Society held its first fair .
The time signature ( also known as meter signature ) is a notational convention used in Western musical notation to specify how many beats are in each measure and which note value constitutes one beat .
Many are plants of hot humid lowland areas , but the majority are tropical montane plants , receiving warm days but cool to cold humid nights year round .
London , UK
Patrick Joseph '' Pat '' Quinn III ( born December 16 , 1948 ) is the 41st and current Governor of Illinois . He is a member of the Democratic Party .
Make human translation easier , faster and more cost effective
She originated the role of Wendla in the musical Spring Awakening and currently plays Rachel Berry in the Fox television series Glee .
Digital media is a form of electronic media where data is stored in digital ( as opposed to analog ) form .
In 1956 , upon formal establishment , the armed forces of the Communist , east German Democratic Republic ( GDR ) were named the Nationale Volksarmee ( National People 's Army ) , some of whom , with matériel , were incorporated to the Bundeswehr when the German reunification consolidated the Germanies in 1990 .
They are divided into a smaller northern group with six islets , and a larger southern group , separated by a passage wide .
See the resistance training article for information about elastic\/hydraulic training , but note that the terms '' strength training '' and '' resistance training '' are often used interchangeably .
Henry John Heinz III ( October 23 , 1938 â '' April 4 , 1991 ) was an American politician from Pennsylvania , a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives ( 1971 â '' 1977 ) and the United States Senate ( 1977 â '' 1991 ) .
The twin-cam , 16 valve , aluminium cylinder head design was assisted by Cosworth , but Chevrolet did the development work .
Except for the lines U5 and U6 , all lines operate completely below ground .
The only Pacific hurricanes to strike Mexico at a greater intensity were Hurricane Madeline of 1976 and an unnamed storm in 1959 .
Though already cooked and '' ready to eat '' it is sometimes served warm , similar to the usage in France .
Daniel Dwight Tosh ( born May 29 , 1975 ) is an American stand-up comedian and television presenter .
About 150 fishermen survived the storm by waiting on islands , sandbars , or disabled fishing boats .
Long became the manager of Doom ( Ron Simmons and Butch Reed ) and led them to the World Tag Team Titles .
Shelties are very good with children .
For a short time , Snow White was the highest-grossing film in American cinema history ; it was ousted from that spot by Gone with the Wind in 1939 .
Cézanne can be said to form the bridge between late 19th century Impressionism and the early 20th century 's new line of artistic enquiry , Cubism .
Pichilemu ( , ) , previously known as Pichilemo , is a beach resort city in central Chile .
A chaplain is typically a priest , pastor , ordained deacon , rabbi , imam , other member of the clergy , or another representative of a faith or belief , serving a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church , or who are unable to attend religious services for various reasons , such as health , confinement , or military or civil duties .
Most large cities today pipe solid wastes to treatment plants in order to separate and partly purify the water before emptying into streams or other bodies of water .
He is famous for his articulation of the theory of separation of powers , taken for granted in modern discussions of government and implemented in many constitutions throughout the world .
Both GQ and In Style had Alba on their June 2008 covers , and in May , after eight million votes , FHM ( UK and USA editions ) named Alba the winner as '' 2007 â s Sexiest Woman in the World '' .
The remaining convection continued to diminish , and by late on October 25 Wilma transitioned into an extratropical cyclone while located about southeast of Halifax , Nova Scotia , and still at Category 1 intensity .
On 26 February 2007 , Stefanie Sun returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters .
It is valued for its unique flavor compared to other limes , with the key lime usually having a more tart and bitter flavor .
The rank was also used , prior to 1968 , by the Royal Canadian Navy , but upon the creation of the Canadian Forces the rank of midshipman was replaced with the rank of naval cadet .
Mark has two sisters who are twins : Charlotte is a fashion designer and Samantha is a DJ and singer .
The watt ( ; symbol : W ) is a derived unit of power in the International System of Units ( SI ) , named after the Scottish engineer James Watt ( 1736 -- 1819 ) .
The colors were standardized in 1843 , although other combinations have been seen and are occasionally still used .
Slobodan DubajiÄ ( born February 19 , 1963 ) is a former Serbian football player .
Helmet design : White background , with a black '' BC '' and a profile of a mountain lion 's head ( orange ) .
March 10 & ndash ; King Ferdinand II of Aragon ( d. 1516 )
Due to the writers ' strike , the fourth season featured 14 episodes , and season 5 had 17 episodes .
Before becoming an area protected by the Peruvian government , the ManÃ National Park was conserved thanks to its inaccessibility .
In a mixed government , some issues ( often defined in a constitution ) are decided by the majority of the people , some other issues by few , and some other issues by a single person ( also often defined in a constitution ) .
Bird was voted to the NBA 's 50th Anniversary All-Time TeamLarry Bird summary NBA.com .
Sartre lies buried in Cimetière de Montparnasse in Paris .
The List of subcamps of Sachsenhausen identifies forced labor facilities of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp .
Piero Gobetti ( ; Turin , June 19 , 1901 â '' Paris , February 15 , 1926 ) was an Italian journalist , intellectual and radical liberal and anti-fascist .
( ) was a political movement within the Communist Party of Soviet Union widely associated with the Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev .
After finishing the tractor beam early he demands more money , but instead is dumped into a pit of sharks with lasers on their heads by Scott and Doctor Evil .
However , his father intended him to be a solicitor , and he attended Eton College , from there continuing on to Trinity College , Oxford .
Tabriz is the site for 14 of Iran 's most prominent universities , the main university of the city is University of Tabriz established in 1947 . University of Tabriz is the most prestigious university in north-western Iran and it is considered one of five mother universities in the country .
Argences is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
By the 1960s , more than 200 lakes had been created , the most in the nation .
This field covers all chemical compounds except the myriad organic compounds ( carbon based compounds , usually containing C-H bonds ) , which are the subjects of organic chemistry .
He is widely recognized as the last great master of Ukiyo-e , a type of Japanese woodblock printing .
A cryptographic system is any computer system that involves cryptography .
Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , capital of the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district .
Bourgeois Influences on Anarchism ( in English )
id : sfondo value : rgb (/O1,1,1/O)
The West Slavs are Slavic peoples speaking West Slavic languages .
On 21 August 2010 , Walcott scored the first hat-trick of his club career after he netted three against newly promoted Blackpool in a 6 -- 0 home win , coming in just the second game of the new season .
The Holocaust Research Unit of Justus Liebig University of Gießen has established the Kellner Project
Subject to the limits imposed by the Constitution of Ireland , it has power to pass any law it wishes , and to nominate and remove the Taoiseach ( head of government ) .
She is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where she appears on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tiffany .
Aesthetics ( also spelled æsthetics or esthetics ) is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of beauty , art , and taste , and with the creation and appreciation of beauty .
The city of Ithaca , named for the Greek island of Ithaca , sits on the southern shore of Cayuga Lake , in Central New York , USA .
Saint-Mars-du-D Ã sert is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Dáil electorate consists of Irish and United Kingdom citizens over 18 years of age who are registered to vote in the Republic of Ireland .
It handles over 54 million people a year .
It has largest railway network in the country ; with a total length of 8,546 km ( as on 2006 ) and the sixth largest railway density .
Hastings , East Sussex , East Sussex , England
It claims to be the world 's largest ice cream franchise,Baskin-Robbins About Us with more than 5,800 locations , 2,800 of which are located in the United States .
The airline 's main hub is Auckland Airport ( formerly Auckland International Airport ) .
Since June 2007 , the party is headed by Pauline Marois .
The Godfather is a 1972 American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay by Puzo , Coppola , and Robert Towne , who was not credited .
SAS depends on a point-to-point serial protocol that replaces the parallel SCSI bus technology that first appeared in the mid 1980s in data centers and workstations , and it uses the standard SCSI command set .
The density varies considerably throughout the county with the lowest being in the region of Derbyshire Dales at 0.88 , and highest outside of the main cities in the region of Erewash which has 10.04 people per hectare .
From Calvin 's point of view Hobbes is an anthropomorphic tiger , much larger than Calvin and full of independent attitudes and ideas .
The creation of the new port moved the Port of Liverpool 's boundary to the west .
Tourette-du-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Moreau was born in Paris , the daughter of Katherine ( Buckley ) , a dancer who performed at the Folies BergÃ re , and Anatole-D Ã sirÃ Moreau , a restaurateur . Moreau 's father was French and her mother was English , a native of Lancashire in England and of part-Irish descent .
The clitoral glans ( glans clitoridis ) is an external portion of the clitoris .
Locke 's father , who was also named John Locke , was a country lawyer and clerk to the Justices of the Peace in Chew Magna , who had served as a captain of cavalry for the Parliamentarian forces during the early part of the English Civil War .
The Scottish Parliament ( ; Scots : Scottish Pairlament ) The Scots for Scottish is in fact Scots .
Dámaso Bances
According to the court records , Reverend Praetorius was so upset about the torture of the accused woman that he pressed for a stop in the trial against the last surviving woman .
Both colonial and solitary species also reproduce by cloning â '' solitary species grow clones in the space between the tentacles and then release them when developed , while colonial ones produce new members from the stalks or from corridor-like stolons .
1 .
The genus is generally adapted to acidic soils , and most species do not grow well on chalky or other calcium-rich soils .
But the essential part is the face , because the human face takes part in communication .
In dry years , the Lachlan can have periods of zero flow of over a year ( for example from April 1944 to April 1945 ) , which is a complete contrast to the Murray and Murrumbidgee which have not been known to cease to flow since European settlement .
As early as the 1950s , meteorologists were unclear whether they should be characterized as tropical or extratropical cyclones .
He released his debut album , Beware of Dog , at age 13 , then under the stage name Lil Bow Wow , which was given to him by one of his idols , Snoop Dogg .
The Spanish government is committed to achieving a target of 12 percent of primary energy from renewable energy by 2010 with an installed solar generating capacity of 3000 megawatts ( MW ) .
Its orbit is slightly more eccentric that that of Hygiea ( 15 % versus 12 % ) but differs from Hygiea 's in its much greater inclination and slightly shorter period .
Whilst there , they were coached by the Chilingirian Quartet .
It is a moveable feast , falling on a different date each year because it is dependent on the date of Easter .
Lostprophets ( ) are a Welsh alternative rock band originating from Pontypridd , Wales , UK .
1945 & ndash ; Puyi , the last Chinese emperor and ruler of Manchukuo , is captured by Soviet troops .
September & ndash ; The Battle of the North Inch takes place in Perth , Scotland .
Michelle Leigh McCool ( born January 25 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) on the SmackDown brand .
January 31 & ndash ; The Washington Monument is established .
Thus the degree of intrinsic parallelism in the code stream forms a second limitation .
The city is home to two Major League Baseball ( MLB ) teams : the Chicago Cubs of the National League ( NL ) , who play in Wrigley Field on the city 's North Side , and the Chicago White Sox of the American League ( AL ) , who play in U.S. Cellular Field on the city 's South Side .
The city of Pierre ( , ) is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County .
Early life and career Hewitt was born in Waco , Texas , the daughter of Patricia Mae ( née Shipp ) , a speech-language pathologist , and Herbert Daniel Hewitt , a medical technician .
Corbehem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1856 , he married Marie-Nelly Monchablon and subsequently had five children .
The news sent the fans into despair but Giuseppe Coccimiglio took over the reins of the club and gave confidence to the new club which assumed the team 's historic name , Unione Sportiva Foggia , and was able to keep their place in the league .
Economic factors , such as regulations and standards for quality and appearance , also cause food waste ; farmers often harvest selectively , preferring to leave crops not to standard in the field ( where they can be used as fertilizer or animal feed ) , since they would otherwise be discarded later .
The university ( the third in Italy ) was founded in 1222 , and it flourished in the 1200s .
Both sets feature the original Japanese monaural dialogue track as well as the English-dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American syndication .
1607 & ndash ; Eighty Years ' War : The Dutch fleet destroys the anchored Spanish fleet at Gibraltar .
Many places in Brazil called São Luís in Portuguese are named after the French Saint Louis .
The following week on Raw , General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to Raw 's designated # 1 contender , Triple H. Because since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown !
Murdoch House has since been fully restored and is now regularly used by the Redruth Old Cornwall Society , as well as the Cornish-American Connection and the Redruth Story Group .
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya ( Arabic : al-Ib iyyah ) is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
Full House is an American television sitcom that ran from September 22 , 1987 to May 23 , 1995 on ABC .
Thus he presented himself as the fountainhead of the Empire and Roman life and religion .
The tax raised , called stamp duty , was first devised in the Netherlands in 1624 after a public competition to find a new form of tax .
Speed is an Okinawan female vocal/dance group comprising of Hiroko Shimabukuro , Eriko Imai , Takako Uehara and Hitoe Arakaki .
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla , North Carolina .
Roman Giertych comes from a prominent family of Polish politicians , being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of J drzej Giertych .
LINE ( combat system ) , a martial arts system
The ten-day event , which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth , attracts over one million visitors per year and features the world 's largest rodeo , a parade , midway , stage shows , concerts , agricultural competitions , chuckwagon racing and First Nations exhibitions .
After several near misses , Anand won the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2000 for the first time after defeating Alexei Shirov 3 Â 1\/2 â '' 0 Â 1\/2 in the final match held at Tehran , thereby becoming the first Indian to win that title .
These are a pair of thick folds of mucous membrane that protect and sit slightly superior to the more delicate true folds .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 44,668 .
The Apache License is a free software license authored by the Apache Software Foundation ( ASF ) .
The FCW Florida Tag Team Championship was also introduced in February , with the Puerto Rican Nightmares ( Eddie ColÃ n and Eric PÃ rez ) beating Steven Lewington and Heath Miller to win it in the finals of a one night tournament .
State Road A1A is a Florida State Road that runs mostly along the Atlantic Ocean , with sections from Key West at the southern tip of Florida , to Callahan , just south of Georgia .
The following artists have all had recordings on Kingdom Records :
Corte has become a major University town in Corsica since the Pasquale Paoli University opened up again in 1980s .
Pure manganese used for the production of non-iron alloys is produced by leaching manganese ore with sulfuric acid and a subsequent electrowinning process .
Soon Miss Bianca and Bernard attract the attention of Medusa 's pet alligators , Brutus and Nero .
Example given by both Scholes (/O1977/O) and Lloyd (/O1969/O) The International Folk Music Council definition allows that the term '' can also be applied to music which has originated with an individual composer and has subsequently been absorbed into the unwritten , living tradition of a community .
On 29 November 1947 , the plan was put to a vote in the United Nations General Assembly .
This process slows microbial growth in food .
The winner , Vecepia Towery , was revealed on May 19 , 2002 , where she defeated Neleh Dennis by a vote of 4-3 .
The system was named Tropical Depression Six on August 5 , and the system slowly moved over Mexico and dissipated on August 6 , never reaching tropical storm strength .
In 1967 Steve Fossen formed The Army along with Roger Fisher on guitar , Don Wilhelm on guitar , keyboards and lead vocals , Ray Schaefer on drums .
As gas expands to drive out the payload , only some propellant evaporates inside the can to maintain an even pressure .
In the ancient Egyptian language , the Nile is called á ` pÄ '' or iteru , meaning '' great river '' , represented by the hieroglyphs shown on the left ( literally itrw , and ` waters ' determinative ) In Coptic , the words piaro ( Sahidic ) or phiaro ( Bohairic ) meaning '' the river '' ( lit .
Upon relinquishing in 2006 the title of Patriarch of the West , Pope Benedict XVI renamed these basilicas from '' Patriarchal Basilicas '' to '' Papal Basilicas '' .
-- CODATA report
The '' E '' prefix is omitted in Australia and New Zealand .
The play was staged at London 's Theatre Royal Haymarket and concerned the court trial of an alleged murderer from beginning to end .
The legislature of 1919 decided that the design of the seal should no longer vary , and the design is still used today .
During his early years , Wesley had enjoyed a deep religious experience .
Thus towns formed communes , a legal basis for turning the cities into self-governing corporations . Although in most cases the development of communes was connected with that of the cities , there were rural communes , notably in France and England , that were formed to protect the common interests of villagers .
1900 & ndash ; Wolfgang Ernst Pauli , Austrian-born physicist , Nobel Prize laureate ( d. 1958 )
In 1994 she published her second album '' Ben Böyle A k Görmedim '' ( I Did n't See Love like This ) and album included a 1994 hit with its video , '' Geceler Kara Tren '' ( '' The Nights are Dark Train '' ) .
The Montreal Canadiens upset the heavily favored Boston Bruins two games to none for the Stanley Cup .
Charleval is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France .
However , an extension to USB standard specification called USB On-The-Go ( the capitalization oddity is deliberate ) allows a single port to act as either a host or a device -- chosen by which end of the cable plugs into the receptacle on the unit .
Eisenach is a city in Thuringia , Germany .
benches , bollards , post boxes , phone boxes , streetlamps , traffic lights , traffic signs , bus stops , grit bins , tram stops , taxi stands , public lavatories , fountains , watering troughs and memorials , and waste receptacles .
.
Many of his novels , including The Count of Monte Cristo , The Three Musketeers , Twenty Years After , and The Vicomte de Bragelonne were originally serialized .
The Cathedral contains the world 's oldest working clock ( from AD 1386 ) and has one of the four surviving original copies of the Magna Carta ( all four original copies are in England ) .
He was a member of a Stanley Cupâ '' winning team three times , all with the Canadiens .
They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies , both in the same year . Despite competing in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals , both in 2000 , they have not won any silverware since 1995 .
Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France .
Scale model
On June 3 at One Night Stand , Lashley defeated Vince McMahon in a street fight to win the ECW World Championship for a second reign despite interference by Shane McMahon and Umaga in the match , making Lashley the first man to win the ECW World Championship twice since WWE reactivated the title .
At about 10 pm , well after Hitler had signed and issued the order for the invasion , Göring and Hitler gave up on waiting and published a forged telegram containing a request by the Austrian Government for German troops to enter Austria .
Evolutionary Biology of Parasites .
Span is the width of a human hand , from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the pinky finger .
In 2007 , the municipality of Llivia had a total population of 1,388 .
A battalion is a military unit of around 300 â '' 1,300 soldiers usually consisting of between two and seven companies and typically commanded by either a Lieutenant Colonel or a Colonel .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is an additional digital radio service provided by the BBC via DAB Digital Radio and the digital satellite , digital terrestrial , IPTV and digital cable television services in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland .
In the study of transport phenomena ( heat transfer , mass transfer and fluid dynamics ) , flux is defined as the amount that flows through a unit area per unit time Flux in this definition is a vector .
Rapid intensification continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph ( 205 km\/h ) winds and a well-defined eye .
Soon , thanks apparently to Elizabeth 's uncle , Lydia and Wickham are found and married .
A bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice type .
See also Wikipedia : Manual of Style ( lists of works ) .
The politically active social movement of the Christian right includes individuals from a wide variety of conservative theological beliefs , ranging from traditional movements within Baptist , Mormon , and Calvinist organizations to groups within Lutheranism , Calvinism and Catholicism that are more theologically conservative than the denominations as a whole .
Keyshia Miesha Cole ( born October 15 , 1981 ) better known as her stage name , Keyshia Cole is an American recording artist and producer .
It became extratropical on September 14 .
Pisano is sometimes considered to be the founder of modern sculpture .
It borders to the municipalities of Ellezelles ( to the west ) and Lessines ( to the east ) in the same province and to Brakel in the province of East Flanders , on the other side of the language border .
Eni S.p.A. is an Italian multinational oil and gas company , present in 70 countries , and currently Italy 's largest industrial company with a market capitalization of â 87.7 billion euros ( US$ 138 billion ) , as of July 24 , 2008 .
The great amiability and childlike simplicity of his character are well brought out in his Journal et correspondence ( Paris , 1872 ) .
Customs such as the Yule log , Yule goat , Yule boar , Yule singing , and others stem from Yule .
Characters Mowgli -- Main character , the young jungle boy .
Hans Luther ( 10 March 1879 -- 11 May 1962 ) was a German politician and Chancellor of Germany .
Yenisei ( ) is the greatest river system flowing to the Arctic Ocean , and at 5,539 km ( 3,445 mi ) is the fifth longest river in the world .
An insulin pump is an alternative to multiple daily injections of insulin by insulin syringe or an insulin pen and allows for intensive insulin therapy when used in conjunction with blood glucose monitoring and carb counting .
The island was referred to as B nláng Yù ( , ) in the navigational drawings used by Admiral Zheng He of Ming-dynasty China in his expeditions to the South Seas in the 15th century .
The population was 510 at the 2000 census .
Lopholistriodon
Institut d'histoire du livre , 2004 .
The historical city of al-Mansura is situated about 19 km south-east of Shahdadpur .
Usually each character in the keystream is either added , subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext , using modular arithmetic .
The monarchy was the most powerful during the 17th century and the reign of Louis XIV of France .
Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are among the central figures of the Classical period .
The absence of New South Wales , the largest colony , also diminished its representative value .
In particular , Hungarian leaders demanded and received the Emperor 's coronation as King of Hungary , and the re-establishment of a separate parliament at Budapest with the powers to enact laws for the lands of the Hungarian crown .
It is located at 34 ° 11 ' 40N 73 ° 21 ' 50E and has an average elevation of 2176 metres ( 7142 feet ) above sea-level .
Dissé-sous-Ballon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in northwestern France .
Eons are divided into eras , which are in turn divided into periods , epochs and ages .
The video depicts a couple ( portrayed by actors Dominic Monaghan and Megan Fox ) in a love-hate relationship .
The Flaming Gorge Dam is 502 f high above the Green River .
On 1 November 1755 , Lisbon , the largest city and capital of the Portuguese Empire , was strongly shaken by an earthquake which killed thousands and destroyed a large portion of the city .
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth , implying that the explosions are both extremely energetic ( a typical burst releases as much energy in a few seconds as the Sun will in its entire 10 billion year lifetime ) and extremely rare ( a few per galaxy per million years ) .
The killer whale ( Orcinus orca ) , commonly referred to as the orca , and less commonly as the blackfish , is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family .
Programming languages define the syntax and sematics of computer programs .
Track listing Personnel Hybrid Theory Chester Bennington -- Vocals Rob Bourdon -- drums Kyle Christener - bass guitar Brad Delson -- lead guitar Joe Hahn -- turntablist , samples Mike Shinoda -- Vocals , MC , keyboard , rhythm guitarist Production Produced by Mike Shinoda .
The slang name ` garden huckleberry ' ( Solanum melanocerasum ) is not considered to be a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family .
To make a row optional use a parameter that defaults to an empty string , like so :
Baden-Powell wrote the principles of Scouting in Scouting for Boys ( London , 1908 ) , based on his earlier military books , with influence and support of Frederick Russell Burnham ( Chief of Scouts in British Africa ) , Ernest Thompson Seton of the Woodcraft Indians , William Alexander Smith of the Boys ' Brigade , and his publisher Pearson .
He was the eldest son of Afanasiy Bulgakov , an assistant professor at the Kiev Theological Academy .
It also features the voice work of Sinbad , Carla Gugino , Tisha Campbell-Martin , Adam Goldberg , Al Michaels , Tommy Lasorda , and Bob Uecker .
Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British horror comedy film directed by Edgar Wright , starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , and written by Pegg and Wright .
In addition , some color blind people find it easier to distinguish problem colors on artificial materials , such as plastic or in acrylic paints , than on natural materials , such as paper or wood .
Slovak and Irons still considered the Red Hot Chili Peppers as only a side project and so they quit to focus on What Is This ?
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens , but their carcinogenic activity is attributed to the radiation , for example gamma rays and alpha particles , which they emit .
' is the provisional designation of an object seen orbiting Saturn just beyond the outer strand of the F ring on June 21 , 2004 .
1967 & ndash ; More than sixty nations sign the Outer Space Treaty banning nuclear weapons in space .
Chériennes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The rainfall caused flooding along the Yaque del Norte River , and initially there appeared to be a threat that the Tavera Dam along the river would fail , potentially killing thousands in Santiago Province .
Residents of Gwangju resisted by means of arms , arming themselves with stolen guns and military jeeps .
Traditionally , neuroscience has been seen as a branch of the biological sciences .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids ( salmon , trout , and their allies ) that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
C17 , replaced Latin as a long-lasting standard Authorized King James Version For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish , but have everlasting life .
The Equator is the only line of latitude which is also a great circle .
In 1946 he settled in Milnerton , Cape Town , South Africa , with his wife Vera de Villiers .
Despite his brief stint at Tiffin , Ivory 's performance and speed attracted attention from NFL scouts , and he was thought to have a chance of becoming the first Tiffin player to be drafted by the NFL The Saints became interested in Ivory , despite his injuries , after one of their scouts was impressed by Walkosky 's enthusiastic recommendations .
The Center has two book series called '' Danish Urban Studies '' and '' Writings on Danish Urban History '' with books and articles about Danish urban history from medieval ages until today .
Barlin is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The collections contain over 150 million specimens , of which only a small fraction can be displayed at any given time .
It is usually considered a superorder , with Isoptera , Blattaria and Mantodea being its three orders .
The cut stones of the fortress were used in the construction of the Pont de la Concorde .
Touët - de-l ` Escarène is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
This is no minor inconvenience , as security checkpoints ( manned by '' pols '' and '' nats '' , the police and National Guard ) are set up throughout the city to stop and arrest anyone without valid ID .
Prion diseases are extremely rare .
Diatomyidae is a family of hystricomorphous , sciurognathous rodents found in Asia .
Balnot-sur-Laignes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Muslims believe that many prophets existed , including many not mentioned in the Qur ` an . The Qur ` an itself refers to at least four other prophets but does not name them .
Gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill ; she defeats the warrior Mavican and stands against Ares and Hades ( two gods ) in battle for a period of time , before they defeat her .
A fall is obtained by gaining a decision in any manner , normally consisting of a pinfall , submission , count-out , or disqualification .
Concept and creation Background The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to J. R. R. Tolkien 's earlier work , The Hobbit , published in 1937 .
They are mostly composed of Ca-poor pyroxene , pigeonite , and Ca-rich plagioclase ( anorthite ) .
The England cricket team ( ) is the cricket team which represents England and Wales .
This family contains more than 35,000 described species of plant-eating beetles .
Dudu Cearense , whose real name is Alexandro Silva de Sousa , ( born April 15 , 1983 in Fortaleza , CearÃ ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Olympiakos .
The two were content for a time , but Susano'o , the Storm God , became restless and went on a rampage destroying his sister 's rice fields , hurled a flayed pony at her loom , and killed one of her attendants in a fit of rage .
Its name in Ossetic transliterates ( in the ISO 9-system ) as Respublikæ Cægat Iryston - Alani .
On Michelle 's MySpace page she says that her favourite musicians are Stevie Nicks , Peaches , and Eminem , but she does n't like Keane and James Blunt .
The term Watts Riots of 1965 refers to a large-scale riot which lasted 6 days in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , in August 1965 .
Chouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Previously she had served as Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Côte - Nord ( French for '' North Shore '' , area 247,627.06 km , or 95,609.34 sq mi ) is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec , Canada , after Nord-du-Qu ébec .
The third edition of the Textus Receptus of the Bible is published .
The May Queen or Queen of May is a term which has two distinct but related meanings , as a mythical figure and as a holiday personification .
After many complaints about widespread cheating , the top four finishers were disqualified by the French cycling union .
This more powerful force is mediated by particles called gluons .
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name , and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures in the US .
Cope introduced his colleague to the marl pit owner Albert Vorhees when the two visited the site .
Cabidos is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
He is one of the most prolific Scandinavian jazz musicians in his generation .
Gammer ( real name Matt Lee ) is a UK hardcore and Hard Dance producer and DJ .
Odilon Redon ( pronounced o dee lawn r ` dawn ) was born in Bordeaux , Aquitaine to a prosperous family .
Energy becomes available to increase the thermal energy ( temperature ) only after enough hydrogen bonds are broken that the ice can be considered liquid water .
Jones , B. et al. , Politics UK , (/O2004/O) They were created in 1974 and are each divided into several metropolitan districts .
Government approvals were granted for construction of the Island Line in December 1980 .
Archeologists have also found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza .
Much of the theology of the Seventh-day Adventist Church corresponds to evangelical teachings such as the Trinity and the infallibility of Scripture .
Festieux is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Flux definition and theorems Flux is surface bombardment rate .
The following is a partial list of characters from the radio program Adventures in Odyssey .
After suffering many defeats and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , the Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on 2 September 1945 .
The period saw extensive achievements in architecture , Tamil literature , sculpture and bronze working , quasi-democratic reforms , maritime conquests and trade .
The stones were erected at some stage during the Neolithic period , probably around 3300 BC , but some may date to as old as 4500 BC .
In a philosophical context , it may refer to the Universe , everything that constitutes reality .
The koda Superb is a large family car primarily built by the Czech car manufacturer koda Auto as its flagship car .
However , there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism ; instead , non-genetic factors cause the organism 's genes to behave ( or '' express themselves '' ) differently .
Georges Auric ( 15 February 1899 -- 23 July 1983 ) was a French composer , born in LodÃ ve , HÃ rault .
Richard Kieckhefer (/O1989/O) .
Pretty Little Devils is a 2008 direct-to-video American black comedy film directed by Irving Rothberg .
Singaporeans are especially encouraged to do this during occasions of national celebration or national significance .
La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
In 2001 , he followed in his father 's footsteps and joined Rennes .
The construction of the Bahrain circuit was a national objective for Bahrain , initiated by the Crown Prince , Shaikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa .
The electric eel or temblador ( Electrophorus electricus ) , is an electrical fish , and the only species of the genus Electrophorus .
Nojima partially or completely wrote the stories for Final Fantasy VII , Final Fantasy VIII , Final Fantasy X , and Final Fantasy X-2 .
The name Runnymede is used commonly now to refer to land in National Trust ownership in the Thames flood plain south-west of the river between Old Windsor and Egham .
A gas syringe also known as glass collecting bottle , is a piece of laboratory glassware used to insert or withdraw a volume of a gas from a closed system , or to measure the volume of gas evolved from a chemical reaction .
Short appearances by celebrities , film directors , politicians , athletes , musicians or even characters from other fictional works are common .
For a large part of the 1990s , with the SPD languishing in the opinion polls , Fischer was referred to by his admirers as the '' real '' Leader of the Opposition .
For the '' general public '' ; this book has well over 200 color prints with commentary on each site where the photos were taken ; the organization begins with the earliest art and goes to modern times .
The novel begins with Lord Henry Wotton observing the artist Basil Hallward painting the portrait of a handsome young man named Dorian Gray .
In 1992 , another world tour followed with former Dio and Whitesnake guitarist Vivian Campbell joining the band , but the band 's fortunes began to be affected by the rise of alternative rock , including grunge .
The aim of the service is to provide medical care , primary and emergency , to people who can not reach hospitals or general practitioners .
Ogden 's rules of grammar for Basic English help people use the 850 words to talk about things and events in a normal way .
Its capital and the largest city is Vilnius .
Today , the most visible evidence of the Nasrids is the Alhambra palace complex built under their rule .
They range in size from the Pygmy Cormorant ( Phalacrocorax pygmaeus ) , at as little as 45 cm ( 18 in ) and 340 g ( 12 oz ) , to the Flightless Cormorant ( Phalacrocorax harrisi ) , at a maximum size 100 cm ( 40 in ) and 5 kg ( 11 lb ) .
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco ( born December 15 , 1942 ) was the 54th Governor of Louisiana , having served from January 2004 until January 2008 .
5 × Galloping Gobbler Award
Pandora 's box is an artifact in Greek mythology , taken from the myth of Pandora 's creation around line 60 of Hesiod 's Works and Days . The '' box '' was actually a large jar ( Ï Î Î Î Ï pithos ) given to Pandora ( Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Î ) ( '' all-gifted '' ) , which contained all the evils of the world .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 9.1 km2 ( 3.5 mi2 ) .
These units are part of Alstom 's Juniper family of units , which also includes Classes 334 and 460 .
James dropped the title back to Melina , giving her the shortest Women 's Championship reign in WWE history .
Opera has a built in IRC client .
Ingo Rechenberg ( born January 20 1934 in Berlin ) is a German computer scientist and professor .
Williams was drafted 3rd overall in the 2005 draft by the Utah Jazz , for whom he played before being traded in the middle of his sixth season to the Nets .
Instead , he was more interested in his physical education career , receiving an honorary PE Masters degree in 1910 , patrolled the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I , traveled to France , published two books ( '' A Modern College '' in 1911 and '' Essence of a Healthy Life '' in 1918 ) and took on American citizenship in 1925 .
Vampires Suck was released on August 18 , 2010 in the United States and Russia , August 26 in Australia and will be released on October 15 in the United Kingdom .
The population at 2008 was of 1.71 million people and it is the eighth most populous city of Brazil according to data from Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics , the IBGE .
The film is a midquel , the story taking place in the middle of Disney 's original Bambi , with the Great Prince of the Forest dealing with the now motherless Bambi .
The smaller west part of the municipality includes Rue du Bailli\/Baljuwstraat and extends roughly from Avenue Louise to Avenue Brugmann\/Brugmannlaan .
He established the teaching method '' Lernen durch Lehren '' ( learning by teaching ) , a method for students to learn by teaching their peers .
Grindelwald is a municipality in the district of Interlaken in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Cicero was assassinated on the Appian Way outside the town in 43 BC , and his tomb remains a minor tourist destination .
Its adherents , the Mandaeans , revere Adam , Abel , Seth , Enosh , Noah , Shem , Aram and especially John the Baptist .
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Sh ka 3 .
Despite its short run , the series had two weekly installments for most of its tenure , giving the show a total of 120 episodes ( the equivalent of roughly five regular seasons ) .
Ricky Martin ( born Enrique Martín Morales on December 24 , 1971 ) is a Puerto Rican pop singer and actor who achieved prominence , first as a member of the Latin boyband Menudo , then as a solo artist since 1991 .
Eight municipalities ( Atter , Pye , Hellern , Nahne , Voxtrup , Darum , Gretesch and Lüstringen ) were merged with the city of Osnabrück in the same year .
In an effort to avoid the sentimental image of the '' Aunt Jane '' tradition and approach Austen 's fiction from a fresh perspective , in 1917 British intellectual and travel writer Reginald Farrer published a lengthy essay in the Quarterly Review which Austen scholar A. Walton Litz calls the best single introduction to her fiction .
Hartman was born in Highland Park , Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis .
It is used , alongside the Gregorian calendar , by the Gazette of India , news broadcasts by All India Radio , and calendars and communications issued by the Government of India .
Oxygen was independently discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele , in Uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and Joseph Priestley in Wiltshire , in 1774 , but Priestley is often given priority because his publication came out in print first .
Gaye began working on his final duet album , this time with Diana Ross for the Diana & Marvin project , an album of duets that began recording in 1972 , while Ross was pregnant with her second child , Tracee Ellis Ross .
The southern range begins in the southwestern most Dominican Republic as the Sierra de Bahoruco , and extends west into Haiti as the Massif de la Selle and the Massif de la Hotte , which form the mountainous spine of Haiti 's southern peninsula .
A pinhole camera is a simple camera without a lens and with a single small aperture -- effectively a light-proof box with a small hole in one side .
Fayetteville ( formerly Washington ) is a city in and the county seat of Washington County , Arkansas , United States , and is home to the University of Arkansas .
Its headquarters is in Paris , in the Rue du Commandant Mouchotte .
The Berwickshire News is still published weekly , and numerous organizations and groups have retained Berwickshire in their titles ( i.e. : the Berwickshire Housing Association , Berwickshire Sports Council ) .
Néstor Pipo Gorosito began his playing career at River Plate , he had 3 spells at San Lorenzo where he scored 72 goals in 241 appearances .
A modern infield road course was constructed between 1998 and 2000 , incorporating the western and southern portions of the oval ( including the southwest turn ) to create a 2.605 m track .
Plant stem , the above ground structures that have vascular tissue and that support leaves and flowers Also see similar :
Beerangali Union Council Ethnically , the two main tribes are the Karlal or ` Kiraal ' and the Quraishi .
The notion that art should examine its own nature was already a potent aspect of ( the influential art critic ) Clement Greenberg 's vision of Modern art during the 1950s .
Hera then sent a gadfly ( Greek oistros , compare oestrus ) ) to sting Io as she wandered the earth .
( , ) is a savory and pungent fermented Korean condiment .
Franck Durix ( born 20 October 1965 in Belleville , Rhône ) is a retired French professional footballer .
13th Planet Records is a record label founded by Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen and his wife , Angelina Jourgensen in 2004 .
In many countries the most common energy sources for heating water are fossil fuels : natural gas , liquefied petroleum gas , oil , or sometimes solid fuels .
However , different recipes , even in the Bolognese tradition , make use of chopped pork or pork sausage , while chicken , rabbit , or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions , and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
Republican Party candidate and incumbent President George W. Bush defeated Democratic Party candidate John Kerry , the then-junior U.S. Senator from Massachusetts .
Khan 's first notable leading role came in 1988 in the film Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak which was directed by his cousin and Nasir Hussain 's son Mansoor Khan .
He was born in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro State .
The smell of the pouch is reportedly '' suffocating '' , and may assist in calming bees when raiding beehives .
Doctors can detect damage to the olfactory system by presenting the patient with odors via a scratch and sniff card or by having the patient close their eyes and try to identify commonly available odors like coffee or peppermint candy .
Kijiji websites are currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany .
Didí Torrico Camacho ( born 18 May 1988 in Cochabamba ) is a Bolivian football midfielder who currently plays for Wilsterman and the Bolivian national team .
BenoÃ t Pedretti ( born 12 November 1980 in Audincourt , Doubs ) is a French football midfielder playing for AJ Auxerre .
Nicomachus writes extensively on numbers , especially on the significance of prime numbers and perfect numbers and argues that arithmetic is ontologically prior to the other mathematical sciences ( geometry , music , and astronomy ) , and is their cause .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
If the used grounds remain in the drink after brewing , French pressed coffee left to stand can become bitter , though this is an effect that many users of French press consider beneficial .
Manfred Kaltz ( born 6 January 1953 ) is a former German football player and manager .
This includes landscape-level spatial simulation modeling ; analysis of energy and material flows through economic and ecological systems ; valuation of ecosystem services , biodiversity , carrying capacity , and natural capital ; and analysis and correction of dysfunctional incentive systems .
Azuli Records was an independent record label , focusing mainly on house music and other forms of electronic dance music .
In October 2007 , the orchestra named the Latvian conductor Andris Nelsons as the CBSO 's 12th music director , effective with the 2008 -- 2009 season .
Ishmaelites are the descendants of Ishmael , the elder son of Abraham .
Remioromen was formed in December 2000 with their current three person line up .
Gadzhi Gadzhiev ( born 28 October 1945 ) is a Russian football manager , currently coaching Anzhi Makhachkala .
Example Let & zeta ; be a primitive p-th root of unity and consider the following tower of number fields : where Kn is the field generated by a primitive pn-th root of unity and .
Thus , '' Pomona State University '' and '' California State University , Pomona '' are seldom used and not in the university 's graphic standard 's manual .
Vesuvius has a long historic and literary tradition .
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Physical characteristics Herculina is one of the twenty or so largest members of the main asteroid belt .20 Largest Asteroids It has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made determination of its shape and rotation somewhat difficult .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) is Australia 's national statistical agency .
The core martial art from which aikido derives is DaitÅ - ryÅ '' aiki-j Å '' jutsu , which Ueshiba studied directly with Takeda Sokaku , the reviver of that art .
In its extreme form , it '' attributes to the Jews an exceptional position among all other civilizations , defames them as an inferior group and denies their being part of the nation s '' in which they reside .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from the Peranakan culture , which is a merger of Chinese and Malay elements found in Malaysia and Singapore , and to a lesser extent Indonesia .
Lure is a commune in the Haute-Sa ône department in the region of Franche-Comt é in eastern France .
He was a Teachta DÃ la ( TD ) from 1938 until 1973 .
The Indian subcontinent , also Indian Subcontinent and other terms , is a region of the Asian ( and , in turn , the Eurasian ) continent on the Indian tectonic plate south of the Himalayas , forming a land mass which extends southward into the Indian Ocean .
collapsed on Frenchwith France
Originally a Finnish god , he was described as an old and wise man , and he possessed a potent , magical voice .
Alma 's remnants contributed to the formation of Tropical Storm Arthur in the Atlantic ; although not strictly speaking the same cyclone due to the circulation of Alma dissipating , Alma is the most recent former eastern Pacific tropical cyclone to in any sense cross into the Atlantic ; the last time that happened was in 1989 , when the remnants of Hurricane Cosme later became Tropical Storm Allison in June .
Wario was designed as another antagonist to Mario ( besides Bowser ) , and first appeared in the 1992 Game Boy title ' as the main antagonist and final boss .
The eruption destroyed two-thirds of the island of Krakatoa .
After escaping from slavery , into which she was born , she made thirteen missions to rescue more than 70 slaves using the network of antislavery activists and safe houses known as the Underground Railroad .
Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and then later , Melbourne Grammar School and the University of Melbourne , where he graduated in Commerce ( BCom ) in 1974 , and at the State College of Victoria at Rusden , where he completed a Diploma of Education ( DipEd ) in 1975 .
R d u i is situated in Bukovina , northern Moldavia , on a plain between the Suceava and Sucevi a rivers , 37 km ( 23 miles ) north from Suceava , at 375 m ( 410 yards ) altitude .
The flag has a complex origin since it is an ancient design , and uses the same symbols of the late flag of the Ottoman Empire which were adopted in 1844 with the Tanzimat reforms ; though the shape , placement and shade of the color vary .
Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Marilyn Manson , Twiggy Ramirez and John 5 celebrated the album 's launch , on November 14 , 2000 , by taking a short break from the tour to play a brief invitation-only acoustic set , that evening , at the Saci nightclub in New York City .
Along with Matsumoto Castle and Kumamoto Castle , it is considered one of Japan 's three premier castles .
December 15 -- The Battle of Tricamarum begins , and Belisarius defeats a new Vandal force under Gelimer and Tzazo .
James Douglas '' Jim '' Morrison ( December 8 , 1943 -- July 3 , 1971 ) was an American singer , lyricist , poet , and amateur filmmaker .
Matthew David Cameron ( born November 28 , 1962 in San Diego , California ) is an American musician who serves as the drummer for the American rock bands Pearl Jam and Soundgarden .
He is , however , chiefly remembered for his operas .
Manufacture include bells , mathematical instruments , electrical goods , cotton textiles , chemicals , shoes , and other products .
Tropical Storm Delta , like most late-season storms , developed out of an extratropical low .
Abitur ( from Latin abire = leave , go off ) is a designation used in Germany and Finland for final exams that pupils take at the end of their secondary education , usually after 12 or 13 years of schooling ( see also for Germany : Abitur after twelve years ) .
Strontium ( , , or ) is a chemical element with the symbol Sr and the atomic number 38 .
WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced annually by World Wrestling Entertainment , a Connecticutâ '' based promotion , and broadcast live and available only through pay-per-view ( PPV ) . The event was established in 2009 , replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE 's pay-per-view calendar .
Rana Lakha succeeds Rana Kshetra Singh as ruler of Mewar ( now part of western India ) .
Manatees ( family Trichechidae , genus Trichechus ) are large , fully aquatic , mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows .
The Man in the High Castle ( 1962 ) occurs in an alternate universe United States ruled by the victorious Axis powers .
A few churches make no use of a liturgical calendar .
She is best known for playing Stella Malone on the Disney Channel sitcom Jonas ( now titled Jonas L.A. ) .
After Operation Polo , Razvi was placed under house arrest and tried under Indian laws on seditious activities and inciting communal violence .
Pakistani -- British relations are the relations between Pakistan and the United Kingdom .
He adopted Australian citizenship in 1989 and was named Australian of the Year in 1990 .
Paul Maurice Kelly ( born 13 January 1955 ) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter , guitarist and harmonica player from Adelaide .
There were also territorial adjustments :
Controls and gameplay Due to streamlined controls , Crypto can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and activate Psychokinesis simultaneously .
enable-all : true min-version :0.9.11 version :2.1.8
The primary purpose of a pacemaker is to maintain an adequate heart rate , either because the heart 's native pacemaker is not fast enough , or there is a block in the heart 's electrical conduction system .
Then the story of Odysseus is told . He has spent seven years in captivity on Calypso 's island , Ogygia .
They are most often awarded with sporting events .
Young Hearts -- Complete Greatest Hits (/O2003/O)
It has been estimated that ichthyosaurs could swim at speeds up to 40 km/h ( 25 mph ) .
20 km north-east of Rheine and 25 km north-west of Osnabrück .
Méry-Corbon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Robert Christgau link
The Northern Isles are usually separated for political purposes , but they come under the Orkney and Shetland constituency in Westminster .
1867 & ndash ; Frank Lloyd Wright , American architect ( d. 1959 )
He died at Montpelier on June 28 , the last Founding Father to die .
Take Me Along -- Book by Joseph Stein and Robert Russell , lyrics and music by Bob Merrill .
In 2000 , the Medal of Cultural Merit was attributed to Pereira da Silva for the City Council of Vila Nova de Gaia .
The Charterhouse London is closed , as part of Henry VIII 's Dissolution of the Monasteries .
Sheldon High School also hosts the Sheldon High School Summer Theatre program . Sheldon is the home of Northwest Iowa Community College and Village Northwest Unlimited .
Uranus 's atmosphere , while similar to Jupiter 's and Saturn 's in being composed primarily of hydrogen and helium , contains a higher proportion of '' ices '' such as water , ammonia and methane , along with traces of hydrocarbons .
In 2001 , Sum 41 released their major label debut All Killer No Filler , which went multi-platinum and included the hit singles '' Fat Lip '' , '' In Too Deep '' and '' Motivation '' , all of which were featured prominently on TRL and modern rock charts .
Frontenac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Education : The town has a Higher Secondary School and Three High Schools , Several Primary Schools , a Mono Technique School and number of Vocational Schools ( such as Typing , Commercial , Computer etc ) .
Love 's Philosophy is a poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley , written in 1820 .
The seasons run from spring to fall .
Family Fiennes was born in Salisbury , Wiltshire , England , the son of novelist Jennifer Lash and photographer Mark Fiennes .
-- )
30 2 -- -- colspan = '' 2 '' -- -- 30 2
The WWF informed cable companies that if they chose to carry Starrcade , they would not be allowed to carry future WWF events .
Family Suidae : pigs ( 19 species )
The peso is subdivided into 100 centavos , represented by '' Â cents '' .
Thelemites -- and other people -- have interpreted and applied Crowley 's work in widely different ways , Wilson , R. A. with Miriam Joan Hill , Everything is Under Control : Conspiracies , cults and cover-ups , HarperPerennial 1998 .
Graduates of the University of London often use the post-nominal letters ` Lond . '
At the 2004 FIDE Championship , he reached the final , narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games .
Justin Lee Collins , often known as JLC , ( born 28 July 1974 ) is a British comedian , television and radio presenter from Bristol .
Provincia di Novara ) is a province in the Piedmont region of Italy .
, trademarked Sonic The Hedgehog , is a video game character and the main protagonist of the Sonic video game series released by Sega , as well as in numerous spin-off comics , cartoons , and a feature film .
The storm can be considered a historical precedent for Hurricane Vince of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
A referendum , which took place on 2006 in Las Condes , over the construction of a mall was noteworthy for being the first instance in Chilean history where electronic voting machines were used .
ISBN 1-57230-672-6 External links EMDR International Association ( EMDRIA ) EMDR European Association , Inc. .
LeToya Nicole Luckett ( born March 11 , 1981 in Houston , Texas ) , known professionally as LeToya , is an American R&B singer-songwriter and actress .
Life No other natural lake environment on Earth is as rich in oxygen and it is speculated that any organisms inhabiting the lake would have needed to evolve special adaptations to survive .
Rounders is a 1998 film about the underground world of high-stakes poker .
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 bioregions , of which 30 are reef bioregions .
The area was already cleaning up after Hurricane Dean , which struck during late August .
__ NOTOC __
The clade is not defined in the standard taxonomic hierarchy , but it is between superfamily and family .
The Tripura-rahasya ( The Secret of [ the goddess ] Tripura ) is believed to be an abbreviated version of the original Datta Samhita or Dakshinamurti Samhita traditionally ascribed to Dattatreya .
The first ten Roman numerals are
He was the founder of the Seville school .
Nietzsche recognizes the crisis which the death of God represents for existing moral considerations , because '' When one gives up the Christian faith , one pulls the right to Christian morality out from under one 's feet .
Franconian Jura , the part of the Jura mountains in southeastern Germany
University of Fribourg , Switzerland , June 2004 .
This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts .
Investiture , from the Latin ( preposition in and verb vestire , ` dress ' from vestis ` robe ' ) is a rather general term for the formal installation of an incumbent ( heir , elect of nominee ) in public office , especially by taking possession of its insignia .
SoucÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is used in chemistry and biology laboratories and consists of a tee fitting which is attached to a faucet and has a hose barb at one side .
In electrical engineering and computer science , image processing is any form of signal processing for which the input is an image , such as photographs or frames of video ; the output of image processing can be either an image or a set of characteristics or parameters related to the image .
This has resulted in a widespread , ongoing extinction of other species during the present geological epoch , now known as the Holocene extinction .
Additionally , vomit and menstrual waste are sometimes disposed of in toilets in some societies .
Bessemer is a city outside of Birmingham in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States eight miles ( 13 km ) west of Hoover .
The letter instructs the Count to return the pin which fastens the letter .
A single named '' Guren '' was released on February 13 , 2008 , which landed a # 1 spot on the Oricon Charts .
Unlike the TEM , where electrons of the high voltage beam carry the image of the specimen , the electron beam of the Scanning Electron Microscope ( SEM ) does not at any time carry a complete image of the specimen .
In 1964 , Havel married proletarian Olga Å plÃ chalovÃ , much to the displeasure of his mother .
Werner Krämer ( born January 23 , 1940 in Duisburg , Germany ) is a former German football player , who is a household name to the West German football audience under his nickname Eia Krämer .
Cyril James Thomas ( August 5 , 1926 -- January 2 , 2009 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played 14 games in the National Hockey League . Born in Dowlais , Wales , he played with the Toronto Maple Leafs and Chicago Black Hawks .
The government of each province consists of three major parts : the Provinciale Staten which is the provincial parliament elected every four years .
is a district-free city in Bavaria , Germany .
While officially known as the '' U.S. Postal Service , '' despite the passage of nearly 40 years the public still colloquially refer to it as the '' Post Office '' or '' U.S. Mail ''
The Thomas Alva Edison Memorial Tower and Museum is in the town of Edison , New Jersey .
At some point in the early 700s the famous illuminated manuscript known as the Lindisfarne Gospels , an illustrated Latin copy of the Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , was made probably at Lindisfarne and the artist was possibly Eadfrith , who later became Bishop of Lindisfarne .
Retrieved on 15 July 2009 Having taken up the piano and violin aged five he won a scholarship at the age of 16 to the University of Birmingham where he studied English literature and music , and began playing the cor anglais .
Thurberiphaga diffusa is a North American moth in the family Noctuidae .
Simone later claimed that during this performance her parents , who had taken seats in the front row , were forced to move to the back of the hall to make way for white people .
The storm made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength , thus making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida twelve years before , in 1992 .
Sagrestia Vecchia , or Old Sacristy of S. Lorenzo , ( 1421 -- 1440 )
Avicenna also '' described diabetes insipidus very precisely for the first time '' , though it was later Johann Peter Frank ( 1745 â '' 1821 ) who first differentiated between diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus .
Vallauris is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C ôte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Abu-Nuwas al-Hasan ben Hani Al-Hakami ( 756 â '' 814 ) , a known as AbÅ '' - NuwÄ s ( ; , Abu Novas ) , was one of the greatest of classical Arabic poets , who also composed in Persian on occasion .
The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , completed by the end of March 1949 and published by Geoffrey Bles in London on 16 October 1950 , tells the story of four ordinary children : Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy Pevensie .
An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
Sometimes , in towns geographically isolated ( such as island towns ) the entire student population attends one school grades PKâ '' 12 .
The single proved to be less popular than its B-side , a cover version of Pink Floyd 's '' Comfortably Numb '' .
As of 2008 , Double Nickels on the Dime remains Minutemen 's best-selling record .
Efficiency slows down energy demand growth so that rising clean energy supplies can make deep cuts in fossil fuel use .
It uses to create the navigation box .
The Battle of Baghdad in 1258 was a key event in world history in which the Mongols under Hulagu Khan , a grandson of Genghis Khan , destroyed Baghdad , the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate and at the time the greatest center of Muslim power .
Image : Benetice 1 .
Le Fresne-Camilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Bob White , administrator of NOAA at that time , ordered Simpson to cease use of the term and it fell into disuse .
Fogolin played his first pro season ( 1974 â '' 75 ) in Buffalo , but split the next season between the Sabres and the AHL Hershey Bears .
The term double star may be used synonymously with binary star , but more generally , a double star may be either a binary star or an optical double star which consists of two stars with no physical connection but which appear close together in the sky as seen from the Earth .
Potrzebie : Shirley Jackson 's '' The Lottery ''
He carried the stage name with him until his 2003 album , Unleashed , under simply Bow Wow ( dropping the '' Lil '' from the name ) .
concept , presented in his book The Extended Phenotype , that the phenotypic effects of a gene are not necessarily limited to an organism 's body , but can stretch far into the environment , including the bodies of other organisms .
After transferring , she graduated from Takabari Elementary School and Takabaridai Junior High .
Michael '' Mike '' Sweeney ( born July 22 , 1973 in Orange , California ) is a Major League baseball player , currently a member of the Seattle Mariners .
In botany , an evergreen plant is a plant that has leaves in all seasons .
The touring band features a revolving lineup that often rearranges songs to fit a live setting .
Martin JirÃ nek ( born 25 May 1979 in Prague ) is a Czech footballer who plays for Birmingham City as a defender .
The current club was formed only very recently out of the 1 July 1996 merger of traditional side Spielvereinigung Fürth and the senior football side of newcomer Turn - und Sportverein Vestenbergsgreuth .
Valverde is rare in combining different specialities in road bicycle racing , being a strong climber , time trialist and sprinter .
Ilsinho originally started his career as a right back , but during his time at Shakhtar Donetsk he was used as a winger , where he showed off his skill and speed .
Reduced instruction set computing , or RISC ( ) , is a CPU design strategy based on the insight that simplified ( as opposed to complex ) instructions can provide higher performance if this simplicity enables much faster execution of each instruction .
Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
ParignÃ - sur-Braye is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Dr John Milford Rutter CBE ( born ) is a British composer , conductor , editor , arranger and record producer , mainly of choral music .
Noemí Rial , Argentine Secretary of Labor
The Ib movement , Ibadism or Ib iyya ( Arabic : al-Ib iyyah ) is a form of Islam distinct from the Sunni and Shia denominations .
Due to his health problems , Jordan did not work at full force on the final installment A Memory of Light ( later split into three volumes beginning with The Gathering Storm ) , but blog entries confirmed that he continued work on it until his death , and he shared all of the significant plot details with his family not long before he died .
Courfaivre is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
However in April 1902 he only came fourth out of six in the National Championship , losing both his games against Corzo .
Analogous to real logs used in a log cabin , Lincoln Logs have notches in their ends so that small model log buildings can be built .
In all , White has appeared on over fifty albums with artists including John Lennon , George Harrison , Joe Cocker , Ginger Baker , and The Ventures .
A garden gnome or lawn gnome is a figurine of a small humanoid creature , usually wearing a pointy hat , produced for the purpose of ornamentation , typically of gardens or on lawns .
The hydrous form may be formed by the reaction of chromium ( III ) oxide and sulfuric acid .
Meteorological history An upper-level low pressure system moved southeastward from the central Great Plains into the Deep South of the United States .
The Old English minster was a collegiate church servicing a south Thames area .
He previously served as President from 1986 to 1990 and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for his efforts to end civil wars then raging in several other Central American countries .
Early life Hartnell was born in St Pancras , London , England , the only child of Lucy Hartnell , an unmarried mother .
Since February 2001 , '' Kelly Ripa signs 5-year Live contract '' , an Associated Press article from June 2004 via USA Today she has served as the co-host of Live with Regis and Kelly , along with Regis Philbin .
Adult bulls express a high degree of dominance competitiveness during mating season .
He and several other characters ( Katara 's Waterbending master Pakku , Aang 's first Firebending instructor Jeong Jeong , Aang 's Earthbender friend King Bumi , and Sokka 's swordmaster Piandao ) are part of an otherwise non-aligned group known as the '' Order of the White Lotus '' , which plans to liberate the Earth Kingdom capital , Ba Sing Se , from Fire Nation rule .
As noted above , power output is a principal determinant of jump distance , but physiological constraints limit muscle power to approximately 375 Watts per kilogram of muscle .
Rice and lentils are also cooked together in khichdi , a popular Indian dish ; a similar dish , kushari , is made in Egypt and considered one of two national dishes .
Saint-Andr Ã - de-la-Roche is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Slavic languages ( also called Slavonic languages ) , a group of closely related languages of the Slavic peoples and a subgroup of Indo-European languages , have speakers in most of Eastern Europe , in much of the Balkans , in parts of Central Europe , and in the northern part of Asia .
The partnership took its first win at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix .
Bois-lès-Pargny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Farley is home to a 1\/2 mile dirt race track , the Farley Speedway .
Sir Alexander Fleming ( 6 August 1881 â '' 11 March 1955 ) was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist .
The Federal Social Court ( Bundessozialgericht ) is the German federal court of appeals for social security cases , mainly cases concerning the public health insurance , long-term care insurance , pension insurance and occupational accident insurance schemes .
The southern reaches of Camden form part of Central London .
Créteil is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Korba is a city and a municipal corporation in Korba District in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
Their semi-major axes ( distances from Jupiter ) range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 Â and 154.8 Â , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
Paul Watzlawick ( July 25 1921 - March 31 2007 ) was an Austrian-American psychologist and philosopher .
He has also attempted to play football and soccer .
)
Des Arc is served by the Des Arc School District .
The exact origins of the Games are shrouded in myth and legend but records indicate that they began in 776 BC in Olympia in Greece .
As stars of at least 0.4 solar masses exhaust their supply of hydrogen at their core , their outer layers expand greatly and cool to form a red giant .
The Venus of Willendorf , also known as the Woman of Willendorf , is an 11 c high statuette of a female figure estimated to have been made between 24,000 and 22,000 BCE .
Mouthpiece ( woodwind ) , a component of a woodwind instrument .
State-sponsored school segregation was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1954 in Brown v. Board of Education .
A vast undertaking , de Soto 's North American expedition ranged throughout the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Seeing Figaro and Marcellina in celebration , Susanna mistakenly believes that Figaro is happily reconciled to marriage with Marcellina .
Stielers Handatlas ( Germany , 1817 -- 1944 )
Good Eats is a Peabody Award-winning television cooking show created and hosted by Alton Brown that airs in North America on Food Network .
MeshName = Tongue
It is now thought unlikely that Dürer cut any of the woodblocks himself ; this task would have been left for a specialist craftsman .
It is situated in the northeast of Berlin .
Andrea del Verrocchio ( c. 1435 -- 1488 ) , born Andrea di Michele di Francesco de ' Cioni , was an Italian sculptor , goldsmith and painter who worked at the court of Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence .
The modern forms appeared at much the same time , evolving in the estuaries and coastal waters of Africa , but crossing the Atlantic to reach South America as well .
Presently voting is done through MTV 's official website through a special Movie Awards link at movieawards.mtv.com .
Tannières is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( , ) , is a country in Central Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean .
As part of the BBC 's discussions with the government regarding the founding of the channel , a longer news program had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs .
Canned food
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
It is the third letter in Thaana ( ) , pronounced as '' noonu '' .
Darmstadtium ( ) , formerly known as ununnilium , is a chemical element with the symbol Ds and atomic number 110 .
1865 & ndash ; Restoration Day in the Dominican Republic : The Dominican Republic regains its independence after 4 years of fighting against the Spanish Annexation .
A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery , or the full title , A Philosopher giving a Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun , is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby depicting a lecturer giving a demonstration of an orrery to a small audience .
In this scheme , the volume manager will copy the LE to a copy-on-write table just before it is written to .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Vicky Bullett , Olympic gold medalist in women 's basketball
Karlheinz Helmut Förster ( born 25 July 1958 in Mosbach ) is a former German footballer , who played as a central defender .
He was a United States Senator from Delaware from January 3 , 1973 until his resignation on January 15 , 2009 , following his election to the Vice Presidency .
The city of Brighton & Hove was created a unitary authority in 1997 ; and was granted City status in 2000 .
The revised 1981 constitution was less authoritarian than its 1972 predecessor , the Yushin Constitution , but still granted very broad powers to the president .
The University of Toledo is a public university in Toledo , Ohio , United States .
Most Haunted featured a main presenter , a historian , a psychic medium and a parapsychologist .
It is more usually employed with other ingredients added to enhance its incendiary effects . Thermate-TH3 is a mixture of thermite and pyrotechnic additives which have been found to be superior to standard thermite for incendiary purposes .
StarCraft II is a trilogy of military science fiction real-time strategy video games currently under development by Blizzard Entertainment as a sequel to the award-winning video game StarCraft .
Boards of Canada 's music is reminiscent of the warm , analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood , nostalgia and the natural world .
Harald Konopka ( born November 18 , 1952 in Düren , West Germany ) is a former German football player .
A paraphilia is a condition involving sex fetishes where a person 's sexual arousal and gratification depend on fantasizing about , and engaging in , sexual behavior that is atypical and extreme .
Tokugawa Yoshimune was born in 1684 in the rich region of Kii , a region which was then ruled by his father , Tokugawa Mitsusada . Yoshimune 's childhood name was Tokugawa Genroku .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
So lightly was the acquisition esteemed in England and so unsuccessful was the administration of the crown officers , that in 1668 Bombay was transferred to the East India Company for an annual payment of Â # 10 .
904 & ndash ; Sergius III comes out of retirement to take over the papacy from the deposed antipope Christopher .
He wrote a whole tractate about the Jews that could be summarized in a few sentences : '' Jews ... are the breed , except a few , without any morality and without any homeland , the breed of which every unit strives to its personal gain , or to its relatives ' gain .
Commercial cork is derived from the bark of the cork oak ( Quercus suber ) .
It is part of the British overseas territory of which also includes Saint Helena to its north , and equatorial Ascension Island even farther removed , grouping the British South Atlantic islands into one far-flung centrally administered aggregate .
Al-Karaji also provided a mathematical proof of both the binomial theorem and Pascal 's triangle , using mathematical induction .
Particularly for the settlement and conquest period that followed the early raids , the internal strife in Scandinavia resulted in the progressive centralisation of power into fewer hands .
James William Reiher ( born May 18 , 1943 ) is a semi-retired Fijian professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Jimmy '' Superfly '' Snuka .
Retrieved September 21 2007 Graham , Billy '' The Religious Affiliation of Billy Graham '' , ( undated ) .
Étude , a short musical composition meaning '' study '' in French
The current incarnation was created in 1993 through the efforts of the first commissioner Miles Wolff .
Schools Leonese language lessons started in 2008 with two schools , and are currently taught in sixteen schools in León city in 2008-2009 , promoted by the Leonese Local Government 's Department for Education .
This is because the executive branch is dependent upon the direct or indirect support of the legislative branch and often includes members of the legislature .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
By International Astronomical Union convention , the term '' Terra '' is used for naming extensive land masses , rather than for the planet Earth .
The total area is 47.10 km , giving a population density of 255 inhabitants per km .
The states of New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and Western Australia use the term '' Shire '' for this unit .
The current version is 3.0 , published on 06 February , 2010 .
BBC 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
Billy Joel , in addition to voicing Dodger , fittingly performed the character 's song in the film .
It has been databased by the Smith Herbarium Project at the National Museums Liverpool .
The list was the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura , which replaced Isidore and Lili , respectively .
When the church was rebuilt , the tomb was covered over , and is now under the pavement of the church . The burial plaque , however , remains .
In 1997 , Corey Taylor joined the band to share the lead vocalist position .
One of the characteristics of Cuban dance to the son , and other similar rhythms , was , and still is , their method of taking three steps to four beats of music ( whether 2\/4 or 4\/4 ) .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach multiple times since Super Mario Bros. .
Abbotsford is a city in Clark and Marathon counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
The school 's 19 varsity men 's and women 's sports teams are called the Friars , after the Dominican Catholic order that runs the school .
Barry James Marshall , AC , FRS , FAA ( born 30 September 1951 ) is an Australian physician , Nobel Prize laureate in Physiology or Medicine , and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia .
After that , they started a company to build airplane and had a '' patent war '' with Glenn Curtiss over who could make money over the invention of the airplane .
Let a piece of glass and a piece of resin , neither of which exhibits any electrical properties , be rubbed together and left with the rubbed surfaces in contact .
White Oleander is a 1999 novel by American author Janet Fitch .
Eisenstein was a pioneer in the use of montage , a specific use of film editing .
Whedon , Firefly : the complete series : '' Train Job '' commentary , track 10 He tends to act like a '' lummox '' who thinks he is the smartest person in space , but occasional hints of intelligence peek through this façade , giving the impression that he acts dumber than he is .
Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet ( 3 m ) in height as the storm approached the island , resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents .
The highest mountain in Romania is Moldoveanu Peak ( ) .
Pingwings , Pogles ' Wood , Noggin the Nog , Ivor the Engine , Clangers and Bagpuss , were all made by Smallfilms , the company he set up with Peter Firmin , and were shown on the BBC between the 1950s and the 1980s , and on ITV from 1959 to the present day .
In 1368 the village of Gerresheim located around the religious house was made a city with city rights by the Count of Berg .
Political correctness ( adjectivally , politically correct ; both forms commonly abbreviated to PC ) is a term which denotes language , ideas , policies , and behavior seen as seeking to minimize social and institutional offense in occupational , gender , racial , cultural , sexual orientation , disability , and age-related contexts .
Conversion vans came into style during the 1970s and 1980s .
Lobamba is famous for two ceremonies : the Reed Dance , celebrated in August and September in honor of the Queen Mother , and the Incwala , in December and January in honor of the King .
Agriculture includes forests and mountain pasturage in summer , particularly of sheep and goats .
Thus a turnstile can be used in the case of paid access ( sometimes called a faregate when used for this purpose ) , for example public transport as a ticket barrier or a pay toilet , or to restrict access to authorized people , for example in the lobby of an office building .
While B major is workable on keyboard instruments and guitar , the key of C-flat major is preferred for works written on the harp , as it is that instrument 's home key .
In 1962 Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Robert Nesta '' Bob '' Marley ( 6 February 1945 -- 11 May 1981 ) was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and musician .
Bognor Regis Town Football Club is an English football club based in Bognor Regis , West Sussex .
Treatment Medication Approved drugs The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has approved the first drug treatment for the disease : Riluzole ( Rilutek ) .
The form of government used in Australia is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government .
According to the police , every building smaller than three stories high has been completely flooded , with buildings bigger than three stories high being flooded partially , one of the buildings being the city hall , where the water also reached as high as the third floor .
It received an Oscar nomination for its costume design .
The others pairs are owned by private collectors Philip Samuels and David Elkouby .
McKay 's website contains a reference to her age in relation to that of Doris Day 's as '' separated by 60 years and 10 days , '' putting her birth year at 1982 .
Louder Than Live is a home video by the American grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989 .
In 2008 , she starred in the comedy film Baby Mama , alongside former SNL co-star Amy Poehler .
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Stromboli is a large , sinister , bearded puppet maker who forces Pinocchio to perform onstage in order to make money .
Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
He was replaced as bassist for one tour by Joseph Trohman ( also a guitarist in Fall Out Boy , now a guitarist in The Damned Things ) .
Despite this , sung Passion performances were common in Lutheran churches right from the start , in both Latin and German , beginning as early as Laetare Sunday ( three weeks before Easter ) and continuing through Holy Week .
From its founding until the mid-1980s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project .
The existing asphalt was entirely replaced , resulting in a much smoother track surface .
The highest temperature recorded in the State was 49.9 ° C ( 121.8 ° F ) at Gonda on May 8 , 1958 .
After a show in Baton Rouge , he was assaulted and his saxophone was destroyed .
La Tranclière is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1834 , his autobiography titled A Narrative of the Life of David Crockett .
Fey 's projects after 2008 include her lending her voice to the character Lisa in the English language version of the Japanese animated film Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea ( titled Ponyo for its U.S. release ) .
According to club chronicles the first game was a victory on 17 June 1898 against FC Viktoria .
Chitral keeps a military base in Arandu to guard against an attack by Afghanistan .
Sir James Chadwick CH FRS ( 20 October 1891 & ndash ; 24 July 1974 ) was an English Nobel laureate in physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron .
Also known as the Chinese gooseberry , the fruit was renamed for export marketing reasons in the 1950s ; briefly to melonette , and then later by New Zealand exporters to kiwifruit .
Geography The town is located north of the Harz mountains approximatively 123 meters above sea level .
Dates from 1662 .
The Intercontinental Champion , Rob Van Dam , defeated the European Champion , Jeff Hardy , and the Hardcore Champion , Tommy Dreamer .
Henri RenÃ Albert Guy de Maupassant ( 5 August 1850 â '' 6 July 1893 ) was a popular 19th-century French writer , considered one of the fathers of the modern short story and one of the form 's finest exponents .
Gerard Piqué Bernabeu ( ; born 2 February 1987 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish footballer , currently playing as a center back for Barcelona .
Of all Italy 's ships at the time , Andrea Doria was the largest , fastest and supposedly safest .
At very large reverse bias , beyond the peak inverse voltage or PIV , a process called reverse breakdown occurs which causes a large increase in current ( i.e. a large number of electrons and holes are created at , and move away from the pn junction ) that usually damages the device permanently .
The Chinese-built Tiguan uses 1.8 TSI ( 118 kW ) and 2.0 TSI ( 147 kW ) , and has a revised front facia .
Agriculture is the production , processing , marketing , and use of foods , fibers and byproducts from plant crops and animals .
They include the largest animal that has ever lived , the Blue Whale , which can reach 150 t , and two others that easily pass 50 t ; even the smallest of the group , the Northern Minke Whale , reaches 9 t.
Today , Truva is a small Turkish city supporting the tourist trade visiting the Troia archaeological site .
He was taken to the Washington College Hospital , where he died on Sunday , October 7 , 1849 , at 5:00 in the morning .
Slovenia , officially the Republic of Slovenia ( , ) , is a country in Central Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean .
The fantasy world , which is a reflection on their lives , comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings .
In Detroit , failure to disburse Community Development Block Grants resulted in a situation where people slept in plastic chairs or '' in cold hallways '' .
A sequel , Super Mario Galaxy 2 , was announced at E3 2009 , and was first released in May 2010 .
Bells were rung to mark the reading of the Declaration of Independence on July 8 , 1776 , and while there is no contemporary account of the Liberty Bell ringing , most historians believe it was one of the bells rung .
On January 1 , 2006 Ciney had a total population of 14,958 .
Andrzej '' Andrew '' Viktor Schally ( born November 30 , 1926 ) is a Polish-born American endocrinologist and Nobel Prize laureate ( 1977 ) in medicine , sharing the prize that year with Roger Guillemin and Rosalyn Sussman Yalow .
He spent much of his childhood in the polygamous household of his grandfather Orson Smith .
From 1979 to 1987 he was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra , and from 1982 to 1986 he was principal guest conductor of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .
BartÃ k 's last work might well have been the String Quartet No. 6 but for Serge Koussevitsky 's commission for the Concerto for Orchestra .
If Only You Were Lonely is the second album from band Hawthorne Heights .
Its boundary to the large thorny steppe to the north is ill-defined .
In addition to the official Ubuntu repositories , Super OS also includes its own repositories , which include third-party software like Adobe Reader , Skype , Real Player , TrueCrypt , and Google Chrome , but also include tools\/software developed by hacktolive , like App Runner , and RUNZ .
Clegg is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Sheffield Hallam and the leader of the Liberal Democrats .
The reason given for $ 1 's block is : '' $ 2 '' .
East Central University & ndash ; Ada , Oklahoma
1812 & ndash ; War of 1812 : American General William Hull surrenders Fort Detroit without a fight to the British Army .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
Residents of towns on the Eyre Highway ( including Eucla , Caiguna , Madura , Mundrabilla and Border Village ) in the south-east corner of Western Australia near the South Australian border do not follow official Western Australian time .
Worldwide production in 1998 was approximately 45 million tonnes .
The following year , New Norfolk County was split into Upper Norfolk County ( soon renamed Nansemond County ) and Lower Norfolk County .
It noted that transient ( time-dependent ) simulations , which had been very preliminary in the FAR , were now improved , but did not include aerosol or ozone changes .
Windsor is linked to the town of Eton ( which is situated on the opposite bank of the River Thames ) by Windsor Bridge .
Brawl , was released on Wii on January 31 , 2008 in Japan , March 9 , 2008 in North America , and was released in Europe on June 27 , 2008 .
The bulk of the asteroids discovered by Wolf around this date were named for characters in operas , but if this name was also drawn from such a source , no explanation has been recorded .
Macginitiea ( Wolfe & Wehr )
It is located in the district Oberfranken and forms the geological connection between the Fichtelgebirge and the Thuringian Forest .
Christopher Adam '' Chris '' Daughtry ( born December 26 , 1979 ) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the rock band Daughtry and as the fourth-place finalist on the fifth season of American Idol , from which he was eliminated on May 10 , 2006 .
Although describing itself as '' America First '' , the show has also hosted foreign guests , including Croatian white nationalist Tomislav SuniÄ , Australian white nationalist Drew Fraser , Russian Austrian School economist Yuri Maltsev , British lawyer Adrian Davies , Canadian conservative blogger Kathy Shaidle , and British National Party ( BNP ) leaders Simon Darby and Nick Griffin ; Griffin appeared as a guest before and after his election to the European Parliament .
The custodians of the body at Ravenna refused to comply , at one point going so far as to conceal the bones in a false wall of the monastery .
A schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
As of 2005 , Scranton libraries serve a population of more than 120,000 people and have a circulation of over 624,000 .
The complementary color of lavender is olive .
On his father Harald Bluetooth 's death in late 986 or early 987 , he became King of Denmark ; in 1000 , with allegiance of the Trondejarl , Erik of Lade , he was ruler over most of Norway .
At its peak intensity , the eye of Wilma was about in diameter , the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane .
An open proxy is a forward proxy server that is accessible by any Internet user .
A jet aircraft is an aircraft propelled by jet engines .
Here he began studying viruses again , in particular the myxoma virus .
The Province of Lodi is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
The title of laboratory is also used for certain other facilities where the processes or equipment used are similar to those in scientific laboratories .
The Institute of Welsh Affairs ( also known by the acronym IWA ) is an independent , membership-based think-tank based in the capital of Wales , Cardiff , owing no allegiance to any political or economic interest group .
The oldest known iconographic representation of an instrument displaying the essential features of a guitar is a 3,300 year old stone carving of a Hittite bard .
Hurricane Elena was a category 3 major hurricane that produced heavy damage along the Gulf Coast of the United States in August and September of the 1985 Atlantic hurricane season .
A bridle is a piece of equipment used to direct a horse .
Sarsostraca
Puget is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Baneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In its strictest sense , petroleum includes only crude oil , but in common usage it includes both crude oil and natural gas .
Having emerged from United Nations trusteeship ( administered by the United States ) in 1994 , it is one of the world 's youngest and smallest sovereign states .
The agriculture and the commerce with Haiti represent the main economic activities of this Municipality .
The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information '' including , but not limited to the layout and critical dimensions of the McLaren F1 car , together with details of the McLaren fuelling system , gear assembly , oil cooling system , hydraulic control system and a novel suspension component used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars '' .
He is the son of gospel singer Willie Norwood and Sonja Bates-Norwood , the younger brother of R&B singer Brandy and first cousin of Snoop Dogg .
WGAL-TV began operations on March 18 , 1949 on channel 4 as the fourth television station in Pennsylvania and the first outside Philadelphia beating WDTV ( now KDKA-TV ) in Pittsburgh which began operations in November of that year .
In the Final Tribal Council , Tom was commended for his dominance in challenges and leadership skills ; but was berated for being overbearing and a sexist .
John 3:16 ( chapter 3 , verse 16 of the Gospel of John ) is one of the most widely quoted verses from the Christian Bible , and has been called the most famous Bible verse .
It is Australia 's largest airline , the third oldest in the world .
Iron ( III ) chloride , also called ferric chloride , is an industrial scale commodity chemical compound , with the formula FeCl3 .
Vytautas the Great , claimant to the throne of Lithuania , forms an alliance with Muscovy .
Biological warfare has been practiced repeatedly throughout history .
A member of the Conservative Party , he is currently the Minister of State for Universities and Science , and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) representing the constituency of Havant in Hampshire .
True dogs - Tribe Canini
However , the de facto has always been to run IRC on 6667\/TCP and nearby port numbers ( for example TCP ports 6662-6669 ) to avoid having to run the IRCd software with root privileges .
September 2 & ndash ; Parliament orders the theaters of London closed , effectively ending the era of English Renaissance theater .
A vampire from another coven sees Renesmee and mistakes her for an '' immortal child '' .
Other county officials ( such as the county surveyor and the election commissioners ) are appointed ; in smaller counties , these officials may be shared by multiple counties .
Eisenstein and his entourage spent considerable time with Charlie Chaplin , who recommended that Eisenstein meet with a sympathetic benefactor in the person of American socialist author Upton Sinclair .
Picasa is an image organizer and image viewer for organizing and editing digital photos , plus an integrated photo-sharing website , originally created by Idealab and owned by Google since 2004 .
The Oddworld games have received more than 100 industry awards .
Lucien Laurent ( 10 December 1907 -- 11 April 2005 ) was a French association football player .
As part of the Treaty of Versailles ( 1757 ) between Austria and France it was intended that Phillip would become King of the Southern Netherlands , in a deal that would see French troops occupy key positions in the country â '' however this arrangement was repudiated by the subsequent Third Treaty of Versailles and Phillip continued in Parma .
1966 & ndash ; Race riots occur in Lansing , Michigan .
He grew up on farms near Farmersville and Greenville , Texas , and near Celeste , Texas .
Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph ( \* September 27 , 1772 & ndash ; October 10 , 1836 ) was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson , the third President of the United States , and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson .
Interstate 75 ( I-75 ) is a major north -- south Interstate Highway in the Great Lakes and Southeastern regions of the United States .
Aarre Merikanto ( 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 ) was a Finnish composer .
Throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
See also Argumentation theory Argument map Critical thinking Inference objection Inquiry Lemma Sophism References Further reading External links Logical fallacies A list of logical fallacies , explained .
The Asiatic Lion ( Panthera leo persica ) or the Indian Lion is a subspecies of the lion which survives today only in the Gir Forest of Gujarat , India where it is also sometimes known as the Persian lion .
The current incumbent , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , is the See 's equivalent of a prime minister .
Kunri
A turnstile , also called a baffle gate , is a form of gate which allows one person to pass at a time .
Record shared with Alberto Ascari ( 1952 Belgian GPâ '' 1953 Argentine GP ) .
The term was introduced by John Lubbock in his work Pre-historic Times , published in 1865 .
The most crowded part of Trawangan lies on the eastern side .
From 2005 to 2009 , Lawless has had a recurring role in the television series Battlestar Galactica .
Harmonic frequencies are equally spaced by the width of the fundamental frequency and can be found by repeatedly adding that frequency .
The fastest growing type of alternative energyOn site renewable energy options from ICAX Ltd. .
M. tuberculosis , then known as the tubercle bacillus , was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch , who subsequently received the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for this discovery in 1905 ; the bacterium is also known as Koch 's bacillus .
Regarded as a preeminent and very proficient left winger , he is strongly reputed to have been one of the finest European players of his generation .
The bill was signed by Governor John C. Fremont on February 25 , 1881 .
Pioneer 11 ( also called Pioneer G ) was the second mission of the Pioneer program ( after its sister probe Pioneer 10 ) to investigate Jupiter and the outer solar system , and the first to explore Saturn and its main rings .
Tupper , who had been Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom , had been recalled by the plotters to replace Bowell .
He is also widely known for being the first world chess champion to lose a match to a computer under standard time controls , when he lost to Deep Blue in 1997 .
Bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career , first as a winsome blonde ingenue , then as a sensuous brunette femme fatale and , finally , as a warmhearted wife/mother figure .
In 1993 he had a trial for Vauxhall Motors F.C. , and was about to sign a deal with them until a disagreement with the manager , Alex Tannin , over regulation bootlaces .
It is a trans-Neptunian object ( TNO ) native to a region of space beyond the Kuiper belt known as the scattered disc .
Many lice attach their eggs to their host 's hair with specialized saliva ; the saliva\/hair bond is very difficult to sever without specialized products .
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .
Education There are eighteen universities in Santo Domingo , the highest number of any city in the Dominican Republic .
Alongside the internal Security Service ( MI5 ) , the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) and the Defense Intelligence Staff ( DIS ) , it operates under the formal direction of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( JIC ) .
Hegemony ( , English : UK , US : ; '' leadership '' or '' hegemon '' for '' leader '' ) Clive Upton , Wiliam A. Kretzschmar , Rafal Konopka : Oxford Dictionary of Pronunciation for Current English .
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical , empirical , inductive , and subjective types , while others revolve around perceived holes in evolutionary theory and order and complexity in the world .
, it would seem Shinji 's feelings for Asuka run deeper than has been yet revealed .
A cheesesteak , also known as a Philadelphia cheesesteak , Philly cheesesteak , or steak and cheese , is a sandwich made from thinly sliced pieces of steak and melted cheese in a long roll .
On 25 August 1822 , Herschel died at Observatory House , Windsor Road , Slough , and is buried at nearby St Laurence 's Church , Upton .
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1985/1986 season was contested by 18 teams .
After its initial theatrical run , it was re-released to theaters four more times : January 1969 , June 1979 , December 1985 , and July 1991 .
Once distributed across eastern and southern Asia and Africa , from Siberia to South Africa , the leopard 's range of distribution has decreased radically because of hunting and loss of habitat .
Although most practitioners are philosophers , several prominent scientists have contributed to the field and still do .
The Silk Road gets its name from the lucrative Chinese silk trade , a major reason for the connection of trade routes into an extensive trans-continental network .
LÃ 1\/4 Bu , Dong 's foster son , left the room for the stable to select a better horse for Cao , who complained about his slow ride .
Height : 5 '11 Weight : 170 lbs
Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
During this second venture , Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912 , only to find that they had been preceded by Roald Amundsen 's Norwegian expedition .
Louis 's championship reign lasted 140 consecutive months , during which he participated in 27 championship fights , including 25 successful title defenses & ndash ; all records for the heavyweight division .
The first was Oxford Shakespearean scholar A. C. Bradley 's 1911 essay , '' generally regarded as the starting-point for the serious academic approach to Jane Austen '' .
The wheel may also be used during the process of trimming excess body from dried wares and for applying incised decoration or rings of color .
This led to decolonisation , and a withdrawal from almost all of its colonies by 1970 .
In 1955 , Mailer , together with John Wilcock , Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf , first published The Village Voice , which began as an arts and politics oriented weekly newspaper distributed in Greenwich Village .
Singles match 22:33 6 Stacy Keibler and Torrie Wilson fought the Miller Lite Catfight Girls ( Kitana Baker and Tanya Ballinger ) to a no contest .
Rommel was fairly perturbed at this development , telling Hans Speidel that Hitler 's behavior after the attack proved that the dictator had '' gone completely mad . ''
The parasympathetic nervous system ( PSNS ) is one of the three main divisions of the autonomic nervous system ( ANS ) .
This means that if a lot of processing is done , the single item will be accessed more than once , thus leading to temporal locality of reference .
Rubenstein , Irwin , and Susan M. Wick .
This is opposed to intrusive rock formation , in which magma does not reach the surface .
The two primary charts â '' the Hot 100 ( top 100 singles ) and the Billboard 200 ( top 200 albums ) â '' factor in airplay , as well as music sales in all relevant formats .
Star Trek publisher Pocket Books published the work as a trade paperback ( ISBN 0-671-03578-9 ) in 2000 .
France spends 2.6 % of its GDP on defence , slightly more than the United Kingdom ( 2.4 % ) and the highest in the European Union where defence spending generally accounts to less than 1.5 % of GDP .
Although brown M&M s have been around since the beginning of the candy , no brown M&M '' spokescandy '' was included .
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground , colored dark blue on the Tube map .
Fourcès is a commune in south-western France , more precisely in Gascony , in the Gers department , which is a part of the region of Midi-Pyr énées .
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Golf is a precision club-and-ball sport , in which competing players ( golfers ) , using many types of clubs , attempt to hit balls into each hole on a golf course while employing the fewest number of strokes . Golf is one of the few ball games that does not require a standardized playing area .
In August 1945 , after Japan turned down the Potsdam Declaration Truman authorized use of atomic weapons against Japan .
Vignonet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
He is the subject and hero of Jacques Offenbach 's famous but fictional opera The Tales of Hoffmann .
Vascular tissue is a complex conducting tissue , formed of more than one cell type , found in vascular plants .
The highest total was at Paso de San Antonio , to the east of the point of landfall .
Examples of non-Euclidean geometries include the hyperbolic and elliptic geometry , which are contrasted with a Euclidean geometry .
The term beekeeper usually refers to a person who keeps honey bees in hives , boxes , or other receptacles . Honey bees are not domesticated and the beekeeper does not control the creatures .
Boa Kwon ( , Kwon Boa , born November 5 , 1986 ) , commonly stylized and known by her stage name BoA , which is a backronym for Beat of Angel , is a Korean singer , active in South Korea , Japan , and the United States .
Nanogram ( ng )
Mrs. Beeton gave birth to two other sons , Orchart ( on New Year 's Eve in 1863 ) and Mayson Moss ( in January 1865 ) .
Originally a radio comedy broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1978 , it was later adapted to other formats , and over several years it gradually became an international multi-media phenomenon .
What causes RAID 5 to be slightly slower than RAID 10 on sustained reads is the fact that RAID 5 has parity data interleaved within normal data . For every read pass in RAID 5 , there is a probability that a read head may need to traverse a region of parity data .
4 ) Maltose and cellobiose are hydrolysis products of the polysaccharides , starch and cellulose , respectively .
Northern Elephant Seal , Mirounga angustirostris
While no globally significant computer failures occurred when the clocks rolled over into 2000 , preparation for the Y2K problem had a significant effect on the computer industry .
Of these settlements above , South Yorkshire has three main urban areas : the Dearne Valley which covers Barnsley and surrounding area ; the Sheffield urban area which covers Sheffield , Rotherham and surrounding area ; and the Doncaster urban area which covers Doncaster and surrounding area .
Its county seat is Dothan .
In 1954 , Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model aeroplanes .
Laon Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Laon ) is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries , earlier than the cathedrals of Sens and Notre Dame of Paris and ranking with them in importance .
The double-slit experiment has been of great interest to philosophers , because the quantum mechanical behavior that it reveals has forced them to reevaluate their ideas about classical concepts such as '' particles '' , '' waves '' , '' location '' , and '' movement from one place to another '' .
Ashoka the Great was the Governor of this area when he was a prince .
Scottsdale Community College , Scottsdale
It was released in the United States and Canada on August 7 , 1987 by Cineplex Odeon Films , and is loosely based on Lewis Carroll 's Alice stories , with some influence from L. Frank Baum 's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz .
Its habitat ranges from rainforest to desert terrains .
When German reunification occurred in 1990 , the country as a whole became a member of NATO .
Ireland : The Diocese of Connor is erected .
Scoring is by fifteens and tens , as in tennis , in this manner : 15 - 30 - 40 - 50 or victory of a game but early was 15 - 30 - 45 - 60 ; the team which wins 12 games is final winner of the match .
He also studied at the University of Santo Tomas in Philosophy and Letters .
The animals have a head , mouth and digestive system as well as a lorica .
The units were initially announced as coming in two separate batches .
The spectrum of Kalliope is an M-type , indicating that its surface may be partially composed of iron -- nickel metal .
Since 2001 , the honorary title of '' President pro tempore emeritus '' has been given to a member of the minority party in the United States Senate who had previously served as President pro tempore .
Atlanta , Georgia , United States
He was the second of four children .
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube is a Brazilian soccer team , from the city of Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais , founded on January 2 , 1921 .
The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process , beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA which is then used as input to translation .
An official Live 8 DVD set was released on 7 November 2005 internationally , 8 November 2005 in the United States .
It is classified as a Trojan asteroid , sharing an orbit with Jupiter .
After the liberation of France in 1944 , the SFIO re-emerged in a coalition with a powerful Communist Party ( PCF ) , which became the largest left-wing party , and the Christian Democratic Popular Republican Movement ( MRP ) .
A CAS Number has no inherent meaning but is assigned in sequential , increasing order when the substance is identified by CAS scientists for inclusion in the CAS REGISTRY database .
Iraj was born in October 1874 in Tabriz , the capital city of East Azarbaijan province in Iran .
The cars were Sprint Cup Series and Camping World West Series cars and the field was by invitation for the two races , run after the 1996 and 1997 seasons .
Metal fatigue has been a major cause of aircraft failure , such as the De Havilland Comet , especially before the process was well understood .
Eucharist , Communion , Lord 's Supper
1971 & ndash ; Bangladesh Liberation War : Beginning of Operation Searchlight by the Pakistani Armed Forces against East Pakistani civilians .
They need clean small brooks in their habitat for the development of the larvae .
A roof is the covering on the uppermost part of a building .
He has also written an opera for young people called Bang !
In the Anglican tradition , the sacerdotal function is assigned to clergy in the three orders of ministry : bishops , priests and deacons .
It is situated in the Vendée département and the Pays de la Loire région .
Beatrice Portinari , Dante Alighieri 's beloved and guide through Heaven in The Divine Comedy ( d. 1290 )
Pierluigi Cera ( born 25 February 1941 ) is a former Italian footballer .
Uniform The colour of the PSNI uniform is green .
Naturalism is the metaphysical position that '' nature is all there is , and all basic truths are truths of nature . ''
It was the Yankees ' first loss in a World Series since 1942 and only their second since 1926 .
He killed Harry 's parents , and then he tried to kill Harry - he tried to curse him ... Harry has to find out , before we find out .
It was discovered in 2005 by Mike Brown and the laser guide star adaptive optics team at the W. M. Keck Observatory , and carried the provisional designation of ' until officially named Dysnomia ( from the Ancient Greek word meaning '' lawlessness '' ) after the daughter of the Greek goddess Eris .
On the non-Billboard chart , ARC Top 40 , the track hit number-one .
Moro is a city in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
As the kinetic energy K of a massive rotating body is given by it is proportional to the square of the angular velocity .
William Lassell FRS ( 18 June 1799 -- 5 October 1880 ) was an English merchant and astronomer .
Pahariwood is the name of the Kashmiri filming industry that is based in the city of Mirpur , Azad Kashmir in Pakistan .
The album was originally released on vinyl LP in 1983 on 13th Floor Records , a label owned by their manager at the time , Monk Rock .
February 5 & ndash ; In Edinburgh , Scotland claimant King Charles II of England is declared King in his absence .
Some isotopes are radioactive and are therefore described as radioisotopes or radionuclides , while others have never been observed to undergo radioactive decay and are described as stable isotopes .
The process can take around two or three years to identify the Dalai Lama , and for the 14th , Tenzin Gyatso it was four years before he was found .
semibovemque virum semivirumque bovem , according to Ovid , Ars Amatoria 2.24 , one of the three lines that his friends would have deleted from his work , and one of the three that he , selecting independently , would preserve at all cost , in the apocryphal anecdote told by Albinovanus Pedo .
This strengthening occurs after the player has mastered the circular breathing technique .
Within Great Britain , the territory which the Brigantes inhabited was bordered by that of four other Celtic tribes : the Carvetii ( to whom they may have been related ) in the North-West , the Parisii to the East and , to the South , the Corieltauvi and the Cornovii .
Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories which established him as a leading young horror writer .
1882 & ndash ; The first United States Labor Day parade is held in New York City .
Parshall and Tully , Shattered Sword , p. 33 ; Prange , Miracle at Midway , p. 23 .
The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays , a veteran of the American Revolutionary war .
See also List of tropical cyclones List of Atlantic hurricane seasons References World Wide Web Books Terry Tucker .
Her husband soon married their son 's fiancée , who was also their ward , fourteen-year-old Catherine Willoughby , by whom he had two sons .
Each of the two eyes of a spookfish collects light from both above and below ; the light coming from the above is focused by a lens , while that coming from below , by a curved mirror composed of many layers of small reflective plates made of guanine crystals .
Dependency ( project management ) , a link amongst a project 's terminal elements
Tramecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
From 1985 to 1998 he served as prime minister of the Saarland .
Following yet another victory for Fianna Fáil at the 1969 general election , Hillery became Minister for External Affairs ( renamed Foreign Affairs in 1972 ) , one of the most prestigious of cabinet posts .
Major League Baseball made a deal with Fox and NBC on November 7 , 1995 .
Many at the time felt that Salisbury had been involved in the plot to gain favor with the King and enact more stridently anti-Catholic legislation .
In addition to being Benin 's largest city , it houses many of its government and diplomatic services ; thus , it is Benin 's de facto capital , even though the official capital is Porto-Novo .
Michael Kevin '' Mick '' Taylor ( born 17 January 1949 in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire ) is an English musician , best known as a former member of John Mayall 's Bluesbreakers ( 1966 â '' 69 ) and The Rolling Stones ( 1969 â '' 74 ) .
Nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site began with a one-kiloton ( 4 terajoule ) bomb dropped on Frenchman Flat on January 27 , 1951 .
The clip , lasting one minute in length , was of Sarah Jane 's interview with Mrs Wormwood .
Jodie Louisa Marsh ( born 23 December 1978 ) is an English model and media personality .
When the academy was founded , the ballroom was the biggest room in Stockholm that could be heated and thus used in the winter , so the king asked if he could borrow it .
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
An amylase is an enzyme that breaks starch down into sugar .
After barely fifteen months in office , Nerva died of natural causes on 27 January 98 .
He is the father of small-time mobster and Lufthansa heist suspect , Frankie Burke , Jesse James Burke , Catherine Burke and another unidentified daughter .
Irmgard Seefried ( 9 October 1919-24 November 1988 ) was a distinguished German soprano who sang opera and lieder .
Artistic inspiration , sudden creativity in artistic production
Since multiplication on the integers is both commutative and associative , it does not matter in what way we write a number greater than 1 as the product of primes ; it is generally common to write the ( prime ) factors in the order of smallest to largest .
Following a career as an Apostolic Delegate for West Africa and Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers , he took the lead in opposing the changes within the Church associated with the Second Vatican Council .
Marshall is well-known for proving that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori is the cause of most peptic ulcers , reversing decades of medical doctrine which held that ulcers were caused by stress , spicy foods , and too much acid .
It was then awarded to the NHL playoff champion in 1925 -- 26 and 1926 -- 27 , ( replacing the O'Brien Cup ) before that team would go on to face the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) champion for the Stanley Cup .
Undated Martin Frobisher holds the first celebration of Thanksgiving by Europeans in North America at Newfoundland by the Frobisher Expedition .
The Dujiangyan Irrigation System , built in the 3rd century BC under the inspection of Li Bing , was the symbol of modernization of that period .
He has been a staff writer for The New Yorker since 1996 .
Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter ( 24 March 1607 -- 29 April 1676 ) is the most famous and one of the best admirals in Dutch history .
Gerry Anderson MBE , born , is a British publisher , producer , director and writer , famous for his futuristic television programs , particularly those involving specially modified marionettes , a process called '' Supermarionation '' .
Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province , South Africa .
Later , Percy is told by Annabeth , and confirmed by Poseidon , that Luke has survived the fall , and Thalia joins the Hunt to become immortal and prevent the prophecy from being fulfilled .
They also measured the visible and infrared spectra and surface temperature .
Maisons is a commune in the Calvados département in the Basse-Normandie region of France .
He lost almost 30 kg and took up recreational cycling again .
Market East Station is an underground SEPTA Regional Rail station located in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
This can stem either from natural causes such as in Olaf Stapledon 's novel Odd John , and Theodore Sturgeon 's More Than Human , or be the result of intentional augmentation such as in A. E. van Vogt 's novel Slan .
Mossman was once part of the former Douglas Shire but now falls under the amalgamted Cairns Regional Council which is presently administered from both Cairns and Mossman .
The trained operator at the variable speed control box regulates the unitâ s Buck-and-Spin speed as well as spin direction .
To change the town 's architecture and break with its rural past , the town council passed a decree banning the construction of new wooden houses in 1847 .
Ancient Persians cultivated Persian saffron ( Crocus sativus ` Hausknechtii ' ) in Derbena , Isfahan , and Khorasan by the 10th century BC .
Overview It was performed in 20 teams , and FC Spartak Moscow won the championship .
English Braille codes the letters and punctuation , and some double letter signs and word signs directly , but capitalization and numbers are dealt with by using a prefix symbol .
Two of the most outspoken critics of the guild system were Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Adam Smith , and all over Europe a tendency to oppose government control over trades in favor of laissez-faire free market systems was growing rapidly and making its way into the political and legal system .
This requires great skill and endurance of the performer .
Radwinter is a village and a civil parish on the B1054 road , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England . Radwinter has a church called St Mary the Virgin Church .
Gouda ( slang )
Mitsuo Watanabe ( born June 4 , 1953 ) is a former Japanese football player .
There are only two truly positional decimal systems in ancient civilization : the Chinese counting rod system and the Hindu-Arabic numeral system , which descended from Brahmi numerals .
2007 327 950 5,482 2,600 2,176 2,351 2,491 3,059 5,038 6,852 8,450 Official figures from French and Swedish censuses .
About 3.0 % of families and 4.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 4.7 % of those under age 18 and 8.3 % of those age 65 or over .
William Stanley Vann FRCO , ARCM ( 15 February 1910 -- 27 March 2010 ) was an English composer , organist , choral conductor , and choir trainer , primarily in the Anglican cathedral tradition .
It is one of the country 's three capital cities , serving as the executive ( administrative ) and de facto national capital ; the others are Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Bloemfontein , the judicial capital .
Kim Dong-Hyun ( footballer ) , South Korean football player , now of Gwangju Sangmu FC
During the multinational occupation of post-World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway and road access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .
A badge is a device , patch , or accoutrement which is presented or displayed to indicate some feat of service , a special accomplishment , a symbol of authority granted by taking an oath ( e.g. , police and fire ) , a sign of legitimate employment or student status , or as a simple means of identification .
A pupil of Charles Villiers Stanford and Walford Davies , Boughton 's output included three symphonies , several concertos , part-songs , songs , chamber music and opera ( which he called '' Music Drama '' after Wagner ) .
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were being gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made it largely obsolete and most suppliers exited the business .
His contemporary Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads , and concluded that it was contagious .
Gandhi conceived of Satyagraha , loosely translated as '' Soul Force , '' as a means of striving for truth and social justice through love , suffering , and conversion of the oppressor .
Breeds listed here may be traditional breeds with long histories as registered breeds , rare breeds with their own registries , or new breeds that may still be under development .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
He appealed to the competing car manufacturers for an agreement where the independent ( and , on the whole , financially weaker ) teams in Formula One would get cheaper engine deals than at present .
Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari Shahrekord 842,002 6 Until 1973 was part of Isfahan province .
Michelle Williams ( actress ) , ( born September 9 , 1980 ) , American actress known for Dawson 's Creek , Brokeback Mountain and her relationship with Heath Ledger
Notably , an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November , 2004 ( soon after 's discovery ) failed to recover the object , while it has been seen again later .
In architecture and building engineering , a floor plan , or floorplan , is a diagram , usually to scale , showing the relationships between rooms , spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure .
Ecozones represent large areas of the Earth 's surface where plants and animals developed in relative isolation over long periods of time , and are separated from one another by geologic features , such as oceans , broad deserts , or high mountain ranges , that formed barriers to plant and animal migration .
I hope you enjoy editing Wikipedia !
He played for the German national team ( from 1994 to 2006 ) , where he was starting goalkeeper of the 2002 World Cup squad which reached the Finals and won the FIFA World Cup Golden Ball for his performance .
During the November pogrom of 1938 , known as Kristallnacht ( '' Night of the Broken Glass '' ) , Friedrich and Pauline Kellner tried to stop the rioting .
Each character uses his or her own trademark weapon and fighting style , and is able to earn new special abilities through experience gained from defeating enemies .
Non-destructive install ( does not format the device )
They are claimed to have been introduced to Madeira following its discovery in c. 1420 and spread widely in Europe in the 16th century .
Kannada is the official language of Karnataka and spoken as a native language by about 64.75 % of the people .
It was released on October 30 , 2006 .
Monoatomic particles , of course , do not ( sensibly ) rotate or vibrate , and are not electronically excited to higher energies except at very high temperatures .
At the same time he took up acting , at first as a hobby .
Fuji remained a popular sports car racing venue and FIA World Sportscar Championship visited the track between 1982 â '' 1988 and it was often used for national races .
I learned the songs on that EP note for note , twiddle for twiddle .
Harrison was a representative for Surry County , Virginia , ( 1756 -- 1758 ) and Charles City County ( 1766 -- 1776 ) to the House of Burgesses .
Choi Chung-Min ( Hangul : ì ì ë 1\/4 , born 30 August 1930 - died 8 August 1983 ) is a retired South Korean football player and football manager .
Chevvy Pennycook ( born 6 April 1987 in Bristol , England ) is a rugby union player for Moseley in the RFU Championship , who formerly played for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
also known as The Shoah ( Hebrew : , Romanized HaShoah , '' calamity '' ; Yiddish : , Romanized Churben or Hurban , '' Holocaust , '' Encyclopaedia Britannica , 2009 : '' the systematic state-sponsored killing of six million Jewish men , women and children , and millions of others by Nazi Germany and its collaborators during World War II .
He remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith , a jockey almost 45 years his junior .
He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning , but is brought back to life thanks to Katara 's special water that has healing abilities .
In December 2003 , a seven-year pre-agreement to host the GP in Hyderabad in 2007 was signed .
Oxidized DCPIP is blue , reduced DCPIP is colorless .
Icon ( novel ) , a 1997 fiction novel by Frederick Forsyth
288 page , Butterworth-Heinemann Ltd./ORGANIZATION.
Since 1987 , she has represented the 8th Congressional District of California , which consists of four-fifths of the City and County of San Francisco .
Sora then meets Donald and Goofy , and the three decide to travel togetherâ '' Donald and Goofy to find King Mickey , and Sora to find Kairi and Riku .
In Your House was a pay-per-view series created by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) .
Ancient Domains of Mystery , or ADOM , is a roguelike game by Thomas Biskup first released in 1994 .
There is a frequent helicopter , hovercraft , and ferry-service to Lungi .
Prior to his entry into the adult industry , he worked as a martial arts instructor in Southern California .
Guemps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He is widely regarded as one of the country 's greatest Prime Ministers .
Most famously , this is known as cogito ergo sum ( English : '' I think , therefore I am '' ) .
Most of Darwin 's population was evacuated to Adelaide , Whyalla , Alice Springs and Sydney , and many never returned to the city .
'' Here '' is Rhodes Scholarship
Initial home video releases With the dawn of the home video era came an opportunity to release Yellow Submarine on VHS and LaserDisc .
800-450 BC ) , named for the rich grave finds in Hallstatt , Austria .
The school is committed to the provision of a comprehensive range of quality education services , which aims to promote the moral ( å 3\/4 ) , intellectual ( æ ) , physical ( é '' '' ) , social ( ç 3\/4 ) , aesthetic ( ç 3\/4 ) and spiritual ( é ) development of the students .
Darren Middleton and Ian Haug both had children during this time and Fanning married his girlfriend Andrea .
Gilles Villemure ( born May 30 , 1940 , in Trois-Rivières , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
Females are attracted to lights , but males are not .
Despite its name , it was first introduced by Francis Galton .
In sociology , anthropology and cultural studies , a subculture is a group of people with a culture ( whether distinct or hidden ) which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong , for example , if a particular subculture is characterized by a systematic opposition to the dominant culture , it may be described as a counterculture .
( born 20 December 1948 ) is a Japanese naturalized British classical pianist .
Quotes are sometimes used for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics , most commonly on signs or placards .
The City of Falls Church is an independent city in Virginia , United States , in the Washington Metropolitan Area .
Index on Censorship (/O2009/O) .
The Prince and the Pauper is an English-language novel by American author Mark Twain .
Being amphibious , they are uniquely adapted to intertidal habitats , unlike most fish in such habitats which survive the retreat of the tide by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
68 , No. 2 Researchers have developed more sensitive diagnostics , such as real-time PCR and improved culture methods that have enabled them to identify pathogens in pasteurized milk .
He was then transferred to the Indian Army , initially joining the Bengal Staff Corps as a Lieutenant in 1887 and being attached to the 39th Bengal Infantry , later transferring to 29th Punjabis .
C.
It is made up of stuff similar to 1 Ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered with the composition of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .
Michael Garrett Shanks ( born December 15 , 1970 ) is a Canadian actor who achieved fame for his role as Dr. Daniel Jackson on the long-running science fiction television series Stargate SG-1 .
It is also extremely important to marine mammals and birds ; for example , breeding success of California brown pelicans and elegant terns is strongly connected to anchovy abundance .
More commonly known by his mononymous stage name hide ( ) , written in all lowercase letters by the artist , he was primarily known for his work as lead guitarist of the popular heavy metal band X Japan from 1987 to 1997 .
For a full-length ( 90-minute ) movie , there would be approximately 64,800 stops , and possibly far more if parts were shot with '' singles '' or '' ones '' ( one frame exposed for each shot ) .
, Blue and Green
William Bateson ( Robin Hood 's Bay , August 8 , 1861 -- February 8 , 1926 ) was a British geneticist , a Fellow of St. John 's College , Cambridge .
He is a midfielder , currently playing for Aston Villa where he is the vice-captain .
In the Chinese capital of Chang ` an , the West Market and East Market are closed every night 1 hour and three quarters before dusk ( by government-ordered curfew ) , yet night markets thrive in residential areas .
Battle of Ronaldsway : Scottish forces defeat the Manx of the Isle of Man in a decisive battle , firmly establishing Scottish rule of the island .
After Moore 's match with Ponzi , he was hired by Ponzi 's sometime employer , Sylvester Livingston , a pool impresario who hosted exhibitions with a stable of top pool talent including Irving Crane who , like Lassiter , would become a six-time world champion .
The game was infrequently played , with many top carom players of the era voicing their dislike of it , until after the 1907 introduction of the Lambert Trophy .
Eduardo Ariel Bustos Montoya ( born October 3 , 1976 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Club AtlÃ tico Temperley in Argentina .
By the war 's end , Austria-Hungary and the Russian Empire had collapsed and disintegrated ; Bessarabia , Bukovina and Transylvania proclaimed unions with the Kingdom of Romania in 1918 .
Witzel , Michael , '' Vedas and '' , in : The general accepted historical chronology of the Vedas ranks the Rig Veda as the first , followed by the Yajur Veda , Sama Veda and finally the Atharva Veda .
In 1990 , in collaboration with Barbara Friedrich , he wrote the '' Ambiente Euro Design Guide '' , the first German lexicon on contemporary design .
A widespread endemic disease that is stable in terms of how many people are getting sick from it is not a pandemic .
Myxobolus cerebralis is a myxosporean parasite of salmonids ( salmon , trout , and their allies ) that causes whirling disease in farmed salmon and trout and also in wild fish populations .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .
Wisteria ( also spelled Wistaria ) is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , that includes ten species of woody climbing vines native to the eastern United States and the East Asian states of China , Korea , and Japan .
Since 1961 , over 200,000 Americans have joined the Peace Corps , serving in 139 countries .
Steckborn is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau , Switzerland .
It had been intended to build the line beyond Walthamstow Central to Wood Street ( Walthamstow ) , where it would have surfaced to terminate next to the British Railways station .
May 28 & ndash ; Leopold Mozart , Austrian composer ( b. 1719 )
Soundtrack The soundtrack of the film was released by Walt Disney Records on June 21 , 2002 .
All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by American alternative metal band Slipknot .
Recently , it has become more widespread in the West , where black tea is traditionally consumed .
The most famous example from this period is the burial of the '' Red Lady of Paviland '' ( actually now known to be a man ) in modern day coastal south Wales .
God is believed by some Christians to be immanent ( meaning that he is with and within all things ) , while others believe the plan of redemption in scriptures show he will be immanent later as seen in , , and , and most believe he is also transcendent ( meaning that he is outside space and time , and therefore eternal and unable to be changed by forces within the universe ) .
Kin selection has been discussed by Haldane and by Hamilton . â By kin selection I mean the evolution of characteristics which favor the survival of close relatives of the affected individual , by processes which do not require any discontinuities in the population breeding structure .
Wallace collected more than 125,000 specimens in the Malay Archipelago ( more than 80,000 beetles alone ) .
A study in 2005 concluded that mothers teach the behaviour to their daughters , and that all the sponge-users are closely related , suggesting that it is a fairly recent innovation .
'' Biographical Sketches of the Secretaries of Transportation '' , U.S. Department of Transportation , Office of the Historian .
In the centre of the city , on the bank of the river Pegnitz , stands the Hospital of the Holy Spirit .
The agency was created in 1936 , and was composed of a number of princely states in the present-day Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
The map filled the entire screen , with an off-screen narrator commenting on the next day 's weather .
In addition to the guitar , Dickinson also plays a cigar box guitar called the '' lowebow . ''
Victoria , like Queensland , was named after Queen Victoria , the monarch at the time .
Robson made his debut in 1950 for Fulham , recently promoted to the First Division , in a match against Sheffield Wednesday .
In doing so , it becomes oxidized , and is therefore the electron donor in the redox .
Goldfinger was also the first Bond film to use a pop star to sing the theme song during the titles , a hallmark that would follow for every Bond film since except On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
Other exceptions to this derive from historical agreements : for example the initial letter ` h ' in words , preservation of the morpheme in declension of the word ( writing b , g , d in places where p , k , t is pronounced ) and in the use of ` i ' and ` j' .
For more information , see interpolation .
Vendes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
However , once ashore , they received no additional instructions nor tribal divisions , and began to work on a common shelter .
The film 's title is a direct translation of the word '' Islam '' ( see also the etymology and meaning of the word ) .
Rafael Gordillo Vázquez ( born 24 February 1957 at Almendralejo , Badajoz , Extremadura ) is a former Spanish footballer , best known for his Real Madrid stint .
( For many years the British government had promised to return the English dowry of his grandmother , Mary of Modena , but had never actually done so . )
1981 ( MCMLXXXI ) was a common year starting on Thursday ( link displays the 1981 Gregorian calendar ) .
He was engaged in military affairs between 1776 â '' 78 , and served again in Congress from 1778-1784 .
UM also became the first American university to use the seminar method of study .
Dmitri Shostakovich 's Symphony No. 7 in C major , Op .
2004 & ndash ; Madrid train bombings : Simultaneous explosions on rush hour trains in Madrid , Spain , kill 191 people .
Following Paolozzi 's seminal presentation in 1952 , the IG focused primarily on the imagery of American popular culture , particularly mass advertising .
GrÃ 1\/4 nwald ( German for green forest ) is a municipality in the district of Munich , in Bavaria , Germany .
Harriet Ruth Harman , QC ( born 30 July 1950 ) is a British Labor Party politician , who is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Camberwell and Peckham , and was MP for the predecessor Peckham constituency from 1982 to 1997 .
The is a Japanese traditional garment worn by women , men and children .
The philosophy of language then became so pervasive that for a time , in analytic philosophy circles , philosophy as a whole was understood to be a matter of philosophy of language .
Daniel Webster ( January 18 , 1782 - October 24 , 1852 ) was a leading American statesman and senator during the nation 's Antebellum Period .
Chinese civilization was also one of the few to invent writing , the others being Mesopotamia , the Indus Valley Civilization , the Maya and other Mesoamerican civilizations , the Minoan civilization of ancient Greece , and Ancient Egypt .
Capital in narrow and broad uses In classical economics , capital is one of three ( or four , in some formulations ) factors of production .
The Solnhofen Plattenkalk is a Jurassic Konservat-Lagerst ätte that preserves a rare assemblage of fossilized organisms , including highly detailed imprints of soft bodied organisms such as sea jellies .
Minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer on 17 May 2005 , leading to the postponement of the remainder of her Showgirl â '' The Greatest Hits Tour and her withdrawal from the Glastonbury Festival .
A ship known as the Andrea Gail was lost , along with her six crew members , during the storm .
It has approximately 200 chapters in the United States , Canada , Australia , Asia , and Europe .
At the time they were published , Austen 's works were considered fashionable by members of high society but received few positive reviews .
Dirty ( computer science ) , containing data which need to be written back to a larger memory .
The jury did not hear testimony from a few other apparent eyewitnesses who believed that Sankofa was not the killer because they believed he was too short to be the killer .
The Canadian Hurricane Centre ( CHC ) is a division of the Meteorological Service of Canada , an agency of Canada 's Department of the Environment , which exists to advise Canadians on the threat of tropical cyclones such as hurricanes and tropical storms .
Loud talking within the mosque , as well as discussion of topics deemed disrespectful , is forbidden in areas where people are praying .
In the Gospel of St. Matthew , the Sermon on the Mount is a compilation of Jesus ' sayings , epitomizing his moral teaching .
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is a steel through arch bridge across Sydney Harbour that carries rail , vehicular , bicycle and pedestrian traffic between the Sydney central business district ( CBD ) and the North Shore . The dramatic view of the bridge , the harbor , and the nearby Sydney Opera House is an iconic image of both Sydney and Australia .
Alceu Rodrigues Simoni Filho , or simply Alceu ( born May 7 , 1984 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder who is currently playing for GrÃ mio Prudente Futebol .
Sandy beaches are found on both coasts also , and despite a large potential for tourism , the province has seen little development in that area with the exception of Santa Lucía beach , on the province 's North coast .
Early research appeared to show that Nix was reddish like Pluto and unlike the other moons , but more recent reports have been that it is gray like the remaining satellites .
The trail today The remaining fragment mostly crosses public land save for the extreme eastern end of the trail at Ripley .
In 1771 , Dr. John Rippon became pastor and served for 63 years .
These eight-eyed spiders are found in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Southeast Asia , the Mediterranean , Florida , and Hawaii , and possibly in many other tropical and semi-tropical regions .
The largest number of Poles outside of Poland can be found in the United States .
On December 8 , 1781 , Arnold and his family left New York for England .
Haakon IV , King of Norway ( d. 1263 )
Pooh admits that this may happen , but asks her to think about what will happen to Michael if she does n't tell .
Originally a two-year teacher 's college when opened in 1913 , Minot State became a university in 1987 .
The most commonly used classification scheme was originally developed by Wladimir KÃ ppen .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S/2000 S 5 .
Bibliography How the Other Half Dies ( Penguin ) 1976 .
The only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was taken out of winter storage , but its engine was frozen and would not start .
It is through Spenta Mainyu that transcendental Ahura Mazda is immanent in humankind , and through which the Creator interacts with the world .
'' Fortunately , I arrived just at that moment , picked her up and carried her back to Miss Eagar , who was still talking about Dreyfus , '' recalled her aunt Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia .
The episode got a Nielsen rating of 60.2 and 77 share , translating into nearly 106 million Americans watching that night , which established it as the most-watched episode in United States television history , a record that stood for nearly 27 years .
1898 & ndash ; Henry Moore , English sculptor ( d. 1986 )
The corporate headquarters is located in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , United States .
A Master of Science ( ; abbreviated MSc , M.Sc/O. , M.S. or S.M. ) is a postgraduate academic master 's degree awarded by universities in a large number of countries .
253 Mathilde ( ) is a main belt asteroid that was discovered by Johann Palisa in 1885 .
'' Obvious '' was released as the final single from the album , charting at # 3 .
It tells the story of Captain Nemo and his submarine Nautilus as seen from the perspective of Professor Pierre Aronnax .
Ironing board Most ironing is done on an ironing board , a small , portable , foldable table with a heat resistant top .
Somewhere Only We Know '' Composition , recording and musical structure Composition and recording The first demo was composed by Tim Rice-Oxley circa 2001 .
When the Community was established , French leader Charles de Gaulle specified that any country within it would eventually have the option of moving to complete independence .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , DC and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother serves as professor of government and previously served as dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
Today , hot chocolate is consumed throughout the world and comes in multiple variations including the very thick cioccolata densa served in Italy , and the thinner hot cocoa that is typically consumed in the United States .
Bonham Carter received positive reviews as Lestrange , described as a '' shining but underused talent '' .
; also known as Kamu-nuna-kaha-mimi no mikoto ; was the 2nd emperor of Japan , Imperial Household Agency ( Kunaich ) : (/O2/O) according to the traditional order of succession.Ponsonby-Fane , Richard .
Anatomical studies , particularly studies of the most primitive troodontids , like Sinovenator , demonstrate striking anatomical similarities with Archaeopteryx and primitive dromaeosaurids , and demonstrate that they are relatives comprising a clade called Paraves .
In many cases , as illustrated in The Broken Mirror by Katharine Phillips , the social and professional lives of many patients disintegrates because they are so preoccupied with their appearance .
They are grouped according to the structure of the jaw and the structure of the molar teeth .
StÃ phane Henchoz ( born 7 September 1974 in Billens ) is a former Swiss international footballer who last played for Blackburn Rovers as a defender .
Isagoras set about uprooting hundreds of people from their homes on the pretext that they too were cursed , and attempted to dissolve the council ( Î Î Ï
A second direct-to-video sequel , Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , was released in August 2005 .
Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine , which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets .
European plaice , Pleuronectes platessa , are a commercially important flatfish occurring on the sandy bottoms of the European shelf .
The games usually feature simple plots ; the most common theme is that of Bowser , the main antagonist , kidnapping Princess Peach , whom Mario saves .
Both men were devoted to the cause of an intrinsically Russian art and quickly became friends .
Duchenne muscular dystrophy , cancers like Ewing 's sarcoma , and alcoholic cardiomyopathy are myopathies .
Perros-Guirec is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Brittany in north-western France .
The British Rail Mark 3 bodyshell design was also used for construction of the Class 456 direct current ( DC ) units .
Canton ( town ) , New York
PorchÃ res is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
His younger brother John , who succeeded him , was not so fortunate ; he suffered the loss of Normandy and numerous other French territories following the disastrous Battle of Bouvines .
Ron Perlman reprises his role as the titular character .
That goal was the chief aim of Lincoln 's Address at Gettysburg .
It hunts at night ( but in colder seasons also in the daytime ) for rodents and hares ; rarely it attacks animals larger than itself , such as gazelles , small antelopes , or young ostriches .
Non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system ( xylem and phloem ) .
These digits are often used with a decimal separator which indicates the start of a fractional part , and with a symbol such as the plus sign + ( for positive ) or minus sign â ' ( for negative ) adjacent to the numeral to indicate whether it is greater or less than zero , respectively .
The Island Regulation originally divided the Netherlands Antilles into four island territories : Aruba , Bonaire , CuraÃ ao , and the Windward islands .
It is known , however , that John L. Goldwater attended Horace Mann School , which is located in the Riverdale section of the Bronx in New York City .
Kirkfieldbank is a small village and parish in Scotland , on the banks of the river Clyde , close to the town of Lanark , and the village of New Lanark .
The work is written for a chamber ensemble of two violins , viola , and cello with optional double bass .
See also Category : sulfur compounds Common oxidation states of sulfur range from â ' 2 to +6 . Sulfur forms stable compounds with all elements except the noble gases .
Caprivi was informed that he was the Kaiser 's intended choice should Bismarck prove resistant to Wilhelm 's proposed changes to the government , and upon Bismarck 's dismissal on March 18 , Caprivi became Chancellor .
Many sperm whales carry scars on their backs believed to be caused by the hooks of Colossal Squid . Colossal Squid are a major prey item for Antarctic sperm whales feeding in the Southern Ocean ; 14 % of the squid beaks found in the stomachs of these sperm whales are those of the Colossal Squid , which indicates that Colossal Squid make up 77 % of the biomass consumed by these whales .
While traditionally most monarchs have been male , female monarchs have also ruled in history ; the term queen regnant refers to a ruling monarch , as distinct from a queen consort , the wife of a reigning king .
However , they were released without any bloodshed and Hooker returned to Darjeeling where he spent January and February 1850 writing his journals , replacing specimens lost during his detention and planning a journey for his last year in India .
In one dimension , acceleration is the rate at which something speeds up or slows down .
As NBC 's answer to the successful series Survivor , the show was initially a hit for the network in the summer of 2001 , and built strong ratings for the next couple of seasons , but as the years passed , the ratings declined .
Threatened species are any species ( including animals , plants , fungi , etc. ) which are vulnerable to endangerment in the near future .
PlayStation 3
The nominate subspecies of this parakeet is 29 cm long on average , with a 48 cm wingspan , and weighs 100 g. Females tend to be 10-20 % smaller but can only be reliably sexed by DNA blood or feather testing .
style Optional CSS values used by the entire message box table .
In addition to Tropical Storms Ana and Bill tracking through the Atlantic Ocean on August 16 , a new tropical depression formed over the eastern Gulf of Mexico . This depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Claudette as it neared the Florida Panhandle .
He was a member of the AcadÃ mie franÃ aise , and won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Probabilistically checkable proof ( complexity ) , a notion in the theory of computational complexity
Francium was discovered by Marguerite Perey in France ( from which the element takes its name ) in 1939 .
Etienne Franzi
After the second Anglo-Dutch War of 1665 -- 1667 England and the United Provinces of the Netherlands agreed in the Treaty of Breda to the status quo : The English kept the island of Manhattan which the Duke of York ( the future James II , brother of Charles II ) , had occupied illegally in 1664 and renamed from New Amsterdam to New York and Run was officially abandoned to the Dutch .
It was given the temporary designation S/1989 N 3 .
In its initial release , several Windows Live properties were rebranded and enhanced from Microsoft 's MSN set of products and services .
Liberty Mutual agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of Safeco for $ 68.25 per share , for a total transaction price of approximately $ 6.2 billion .
The most common function of a diode is to allow an electric current to pass in one direction ( called the diode 's forward direction ) while blocking current in the opposite direction ( the reverse direction ) .
Mary of Modena ( Maria Beatrice Anna Margherita Isabella d'Este ; â '' ) was Queen consort of England , Scotland and Ireland as the second wife of King James II and VII .
However , the city of Chandigarh was on the border , and was thus created into a union territory to serve as capital of both these states .
5290 m ) is the highest peak in Kaghan Valley , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan about six km south of Lake Saiful Muluk near Ansoo Lake .
The most common and successful example is software as a service ( SaaS ) , but the as a service moniker has been associated with many other functions including communication , infrastructure and platforms , most of which are core components of cloud computing .
Albias is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr énées region in southern France .
However , Rolling Stone magazine , while giving her album 2\/5 stars , described the song as a '' New Wave-y club single '' , saying the supposedly rebellious '' attention-grabbing '' lyrics are '' a vanilla recounting of her chick-on-chick exploits '' and that this '' acting out '' is '' just to get a dude 's attention '' .
Another FOSS application called Gnumeric provides easier access to these statistical analysis features by presenting them to users with a wizard .
Nevertheless , according to Encarta Dictionary and Chambers Dictionary of Etymology , '' dodo '' derives from Portuguese doudo ( currently doido ) meaning '' fool '' or '' crazy '' .
The American black bear ( Ursus americanus ) is North America 's smallest and most common species of bear .
Jagger 's girlfriend of the time , Marianne Faithfull , had come to Australia to play the lead female role ( Ned 's sister , Maggie ) , but the Jagger-Faithfull relationship was breaking up , and she took an overdose of sleeping tablets soon after arrival in Sydney .
The neighboring Talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby .
The constitution emphasizes the protection of individual liberty in an extensive catalogue of human rights and also divides powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative , executive , and judicial branches .
He has appeared on lunch boxes , t-shirts , magazines , commercials , in candy form , on shampoo bottles , cereal , badges , and as a plush toy .
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
For the British dish Cromer crab , the crab meat is extracted and placed inside the hard shell .
It has a population of 3,074,207 ( 2001 Indian census ) and covers an area of 5075 km .
Battledress , or fatigues in the general sense , is the type of uniform used as combat uniforms , as opposed to ` display ' dress or formal uniform worn at parades and functions .
Andrew Hill '' Andy '' Card Jr. ( born May 10 , 1947 in Brockton , Massachusetts ) is a Republican American politician , former United States Cabinet member , and head of President George W. Bush 's White House Iraq Group .
Comines-Warneton is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
The House of Commons was established in 1867 , when the Constitution Act , 1867 created the Dominion of Canada , and was modelled on the British House of Commons .
According to E.S. Drower , the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features , which appear in various forms in other gnostic sects :
He worked in the serenely classic style of the Florentine Early Renaissance .
ICD9 =
Without von Sternberg , Dietrich -- along with Fred Astaire , Joan Crawford , Mae West , Dolores del Río , Katharine Hepburn and others -- was labeled '' box office poison '' after her 1937 film , Knight Without Armour , proved an expensive flop .
It has an area of 965 km , and a total population of 268,503 (/O2001/O) .
The western valleys , along the Haitian border , remain relatively dry , with less than 760 mm of annual precipitation , due to the rain shadow effect caused by the central and northern mountain ranges .
Territorial sea :
History Guantánamo 's architecture and culture is distinct from that of the rest of Cuba .
Static shock
The municipality comprises the city of Dendermonde proper and the towns of Appels , Baasrode , Grembergen , Mespelare , Oudegem , Schoonaarde , and Sint-Gillis-bij-Dendermonde .
Its highest known point , found at â '' and 320 m â '' is an unnamed spot in the island 's far northeastern end overlooking the Baring Channel , which separates the island from nearby Russell Island .
Khowar ( ) , also known as Chitrali , is a Dardic language spoken by 400,000 people in Chitral in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , in the Ghizer district of Gilgit-Baltistan ( including the Yasin Valley , Phandar Ishkoman and Gupis ) , and in parts of Upper Swat .
However , mosque bombings have not been exclusive to Iraq ; in June 2005 , a suicide bomber killed at least 19 people at an Afghan mosque .
1918 & ndash ; Malbone Street Wreck : the worst rapid transit accident in US history occurs under the intersection of Malbone Street and Flatbush Avenue , Brooklyn , New York City , with at least 93 deaths .
Each chart is dated with the '' week-ending '' date of the previous Thursday ( i.e. the day before issue ) .
The Canidae family is divided into the '' true dogs '' of the tribe Canini and the '' foxes '' of the tribe Vulpini .
This performance won him his first AL Rolaids Relief Man Award , an annual award for the league 's best closer based on their statistical performance .
His last major commission was the Great Fountain at Perugia ( 1277 â '' 1278 ) .
Matafelon-Granges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This article contains information on the 2000-2001 season of Serie B , the second highest football league in Italy .
In the wake of economic concerns , he lost the 1992 presidential election to Democrat Bill Clinton .
Although his complete surviving works only last about three hours , he has been recognized as an influence by several major composers of the late 20th century .
Its sources are in the Cordillera Central and flows to the east into Samaná Bay .
is a platforming video game developed by Artoon for the Nintendo DS .
Indeed , polychaetes are sometimes referred to as bristle worms .
He ended his professional footballing career at Manchester United where he won four Premier League titles in five years , including two League and FA Cup Doubles .
Can be moody , detached , superficial , self-indulgent , opportunistic .
A : the first letter in the Latin alphabet Hypernym of a word : a word having a wider meaning than the given one ; e.g. , vehicle is a hypernym of automobile
Halley 's Comet or Comet Halley ( officially designated 1P\/Halley ) is the best-known of the short-period comets , and is visible from Earth every 75 to 76 years .
Zanzibar was once a separate state with a long trading history within the Arab world ; it united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania in 1964 and still enjoys a high degree of autonomy within the union .
It was developed by Jay Freeman ( also known as '' saurik '' ) .
The mating process differs in different geographical regions .
However , Wisconsin contains cities and towns of all sizes .
They continued to battle over the title to a stalemate in a Last Man Standing match at Backlash and a Steel Cage Match on the May 11 episode of SmackDown !
Schack August Steenberg Krogh ( November 15 , 1874 -- September 13 , 1949 ) was a Danish professor of Romani background at the department of zoophysiology at the University of Copenhagen from 1916-1945 .
Ellsworth is a city in Hamilton County , Iowa , United States .
The Jubilee line is colored silver\/grey on the Tube map .
He spent two full seasons with the Bergamo based club , where he made 9 league appearances , including his Serie A debut .
1989 & ndash ; Ali Khamenei is elected the new Supreme Leader of Islamic republic of Iran by the Assembly of Experts after the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
Ceremonial counties may comprise combinations of county council areas and unitary authorities .
Their equivalent in other nations is the county or arrondissement .
Homo erectus ( ) is an extinct species of the genus Homo , believed to have been the first hominin to leave Africa .
Équihen-Plage is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
That same year a ferry service between Melbourne and Williamstown was established aboard the steamer ` Fire Fly ' .
At the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in Telluride , Colorado , Thile met banjoist Noam Pikelny and later commented that '' every note he played was something I wish I 'd played '' .
Analysis The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Democratic-Republican principles .
When the ride is over , Michael realizes that the brain they just toured is his and that they are currently inside him . He is about to trip over against his feet and fall off a skateboard .
Over his career , he trained 31 Olympic athletes , 51 All-Americans , 12 American record-holders , 24 NCAA champions and 16 sub-4 minute milers .
Odilon Redon ( pronounced o dee lawn r ` dawn ) was born in Bordeaux , Aquitaine to a prosperous family .
It was discovered by Edouard Van Beneden in 1883 and was described and named in 1888 by Theodor Boveri .
Pressure ( the symbol : P ) is the force per unit area applied in a direction perpendicular to the surface of an object .
Kotka ( literally eagle ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
He dies the next day .
It is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab , and passes through Jhelum District .
The Computer Entertainment Rating Organization ( CERO ) is the organization that rates video games and PC games ( except Dating sim , Visual novel , and Eroge ) in Japan with levels of rating that informs the customer of the nature of the product and for what age group it is suitable .
Norwalk is a city in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
Previous Sportscene presenters include Archie Macpherson , who also commentated , Gordon Hewitt , Hazel Irvine , Jill Douglas , Mark Souster , Jim Craig and Rob Maclean .
Sexual desire can cause people to place primitive instinct ahead of intellect ( people across the world continue to have unsafe casual sex despite their awareness of the dangers of STDs , for example ) .
Based in Washington , D.C. , Shirazinia and Tayebi are well known for providing house or dance remixes of tracks of famous stars such as Madonna , Cher and Gabrielle , and for their live DJing sets .
These three techniques all come at a cost : increased hardware complexity .
Sidney Rodrigue Noukpo Govou ( ; born 27 July 1979 ) is a French football player of Beninese descent who currently plays for Panathinaikos F.C. of Greece and French national team . Govou is a naturally attacking player but rarely plays as a striker , he is more commonly deployed as a winger .
Poker games differ in how the cards are dealt , how hands may be formed , whether the high or low hand wins the pot in a showdown ( in some games , the pot is split between the high and low hands ) , limits on bets and how many rounds of betting are allowed .
Their populations crashed during the Snowball Earth episodes , when all or very nearly all of the Earth 's surface was covered by ice or snow , but they proliferated in the Cambrian explosion and reached their highest diversity in the Paleozoic .
Observers point to the Explorer 's 1969 expeditionary cruise to Antarctica as the frontrunner for today 's sea-based tourism in that region .
The Russian libretto was written by Shostakovich , Yevgeny Zamyatin , Georgy Ionin , and Alexander Preis , and is based on the story The Nose by Nikolai Gogol .
In 2002 , she competed internationally for the first time at the Triglav Trophy , where she won the gold medal in the novice competition .
The Georgian alphabet ( [ kartuli damts ` erloba ] , literally '' Georgian script '' ) is the writing system currently used to write the Georgian language and other South Caucasian ( Kartvelian ) languages ( Mingrelian , Svan and sometimes Laz ) , and occasionally other languages of the Caucasus ( such as Ossetic and Abkhaz in the 1940s ) .
He also played Agent Michael Malone in the 1993 remake of the 1950s television series The Untouchables , as well as portraying Professor Maximillian Arturo in Sliders , King Richard I in Robin of Sherwood , General Leonid Pushkin in the James Bond film The Living Daylights , and Macro in I , Claudius .
The province was split from El Seibo in 1984 .
Delegates of the IPC are also members of the IOC and participate on IOC committees and commissions .
The series focuses on a girl who lives a double life as an average teenage school girl named Miley Stewart ( played by Miley Cyrus ) by day and a famous pop singer named Hannah Montana by night , concealing her real identity from the public , other than her close friends and family .
His best known work was the opera The Immortal Hour .
On 17 October 1995 Calment reached 120 years and 238 days to become the '' oldest person ever '' according to Guinness , surpassing Shigechiyo Izumi of Japan , whose own claim ( 120 years 237 days old at the time of his death on 21 February 1986 , Calment 's 111th birthday ) has also been subject to considerable doubt .
Constructed at Crewe Works in 1954 , the Duke , as it is popularly known , was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class locomotive number 46202 Princess Anne , which was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
A zero digit is not always necessary in a positional number system , for example , in the number 02 .
The Pilgrim 's Progress from This World to That Which Is to Come is a Christian allegory written by John Bunyan and published in February , 1678 .
Dennis '' Denny '' Green ( born February 17 , 1949 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American football head coach for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League .
He was the second to perform the Horn Concerto No. 2 publicly in 1948 .
CCR was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Medications such as melatonin , a naturally occurring sleep aid , or other wake promoting agents or short term sleep aids can be beneficial .
In 1857 , a party of Chinese miners en route to the Central Victorian gold fields struck gold at the Canton Lead which marked the beginning of great growth in Ararat .
Led the NFL in interception yards in 2004
This gas chamber still exists , together with the associated crematorium , which was reconstructed after the war using the original components , which remained on-site .
It is included in the 1958 Constitution . Member territories and former French colonies possessed substantial autonomy , with France controlling only the currency , defense , foreign affairs and national security strategy .
Lodhran ( ) is a district in the Punjab , Pakistan , located on the northern side of River Sutlej .
' , an epic poem by Nikos Kazantzakis
Mérignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Because of its quality and rarity , this porcelain is much prized by collectors .
The ethnic composition of the city is as follows :
Cincinnati Red Stockings ( 1882 & ndash ; 1889 )
Giraffatitan was one of the largest animals known to have walked the earth .
Lohengrin is a romantic opera in three acts composed and written by Richard Wagner , first performed in 1850 .
His real name was Pietro Francesco Caletti-Bruni , but he is better known by that of Cavalli , the name of his patron Federico Cavalli , a Venetian nobleman .
Diego Rodolfo Placente ( born 24 April , 1977 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who plays at left-back for Girondins de Bordeaux .
A transitive verb can often drop its object and become intransitive ; or an intransitive verb can take an object and become transitive .
1692 & ndash ; John Henley , English clergyman ( d. 1759 )
John Edward Gray , FRS ( 12 February 1800 -- 7 March 1875 ) was a British zoologist .
He died on 26 March 1827 , during a thunderstorm .
or
In Plato 's early dialogues , the elenchus is the technique Socrates uses to investigate , for example , the nature or definition of ethical concepts such as justice or virtue .
His writings influenced Voltaire and Rousseau , many Scottish Enlightenment thinkers , as well as the American revolutionaries .
Santa MarÃ a la Real de La Almudena is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid .
On June 19 , Benoit wrestled his last match , defeating Elijah Burke in a match to determine who would face CM Punk for the vacated ECW World Championship at Vengeance .
Lesotho , officially the Kingdom of Lesotho , is a landlocked country and enclave , surrounded by the Republic of South Africa .
An environmental assessment has been completed to Steeles Avenue .
Formaldehyde is an organic compound with the formula CH2O . It is the simplest aldehyde , hence its systematic name methanal .
Duruflé became titular organist of St - Étienne - du-Mont in Paris in 1929 , a position he held for the rest of his life .
Pretoria itself was founded in 1855 by Marthinus Pretorius , a leader of the Voortrekkers , who named it after his father Andries Pretorius .
Lorsch is well known for the Lorsch Abbey , which has been named a World Heritage Site .
Lazare Ponticelli ( 24 December 1897 , later transcribed as 7 December â '' 12 March 2008 ) , Knight of Vittorio Veneto , was the last surviving officially recognized veteran of the First World War from France and the last poilu of its trenches to die .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership and Heineken Cup .
Centauri may be pronounced or .
1 , 1 , 2 & 3 are the first 4 numbers of the Fibonacci Sequence .
However , with the assistance of the KCIA , his allies in the legislature succeeded in amending the Constitution to allow the current president -- himself -- to run for three consecutive terms .
Terry Nation ( 8 August 1930 â '' 9 March 1997 ) was a Welsh novelist and screenwriter .
It is home to the North America 's largest mall , West Edmonton Mall ( which was the world 's largest mall for 23 years from 1981 until 2004 ) , and Fort Edmonton Park , Canada 's largest living history museum .
After a hesitant two-year courtship , Abraham Lincoln , age 33 , married Mary Todd , age 23 , on November 4 , 1842 , at the home of Mrs. Edwards in Springfield , Illinois .
Trenton is a city in Todd County , Kentucky , United States .
The single-tier local authority of the city is now Hull City Council , headquartered in the Guildhall in the city centre .
However , his name was later pulled from the event 's official website .
Ashtian County is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
Mazatlán ( ) is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa ; the surrounding municipio ( municipality ) for which the city serves as the municipal seat is also called Mazatlán .
Thoa Mehram Khan is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
On March 18 , 2011 , Comedy Central aired Give it up for Greg Giraldo , a one-hour television special honoring his memory in which multiple comedians , including Jon Stewart , Nick Swardson , Colin Quinn , Denis Leary , Sarah Silverman , Dave Attell , Tom Papa , Lewis Black , Daniel Tosh , and Conan O'Brien , talked about his life , career , and memories of him .
History The county was formed on December 29 , 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
After crossing Florida , Hurricane Hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as Tropical Storm Erika late on August 14 while located 85 miles ( 135 km ) west of Fort Myers .
One of the most common was to add an ever-increasing amount of cache memory on-die .
__ NOTOC __
Rick Lee and Steve Calhoon were both previous members of the band Skeleton Key , a befriended band Brainiac had toured with .
In 1945 Bartók composed his Piano Concerto No. 3 , a graceful and almost neo-classical work , and he began work on his Viola Concerto .
In its first (/O1801/O) and second (/O1802/O) editions , Juba , an African servant on a plantation in Jamaica , marries an English farm-girl named Lucy .
Mexican motion picture star Rocío Verdejo ( Los Justos , Corazón Marchito ) plays Adriana , Sofia 's envious '' friend '' and assistant .
It was marked by the reunification of Southern and Northern China and the construction of the Grand Canal , though it was a relatively short Chinese dynasty .
Sayyed Though they are not big in numbers they are an active people and occupy important positions in all sectors .
The team , founded by former F1 driver Aguri Suzuki , was based in Tokyo , Japan but operated from the former Arrows factory in Leafield , UK .
Aksai Chin is one of the two main border dispute areas between India and the People 's Republic of China , the other dispute being the one over Arunachal Pradesh , which is administered by India and claimed by China as South Tibet .
The single , '' Te wo Tsunaide '' did slightly better than '' My Lover '' , peaking at # 50 .
The city motto Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia ( '' Waterford remains the untaken city '' ) was granted by King Henry VII of England in 1497 after Waterford refused to recognize the claims of the pretenders Lambert Simnel and Perkin Warbeck to the English throne .
Modern experiments have tested claims that Archimedes designed machines capable of lifting attacking ships out of the water and setting ships on fire using an array of mirrors .
It has a border crossing to the Haitian town Belladère .
In Düsseldorf there are about 170 national and international financial institutions , and about 130 insurance agencies , and one of the biggest German stock exchanges .
Cap-Ha Ã tien ( Okap or Kapayisyen in KrÃ yÃ l ) is a city of about 190,000 people on the north coast of Haiti .
'' Fuckin ' Perfect '' ( also known as '' Perfect '' ) is a song by American singer-songwriter Pink .
It borders on ( clockwise from the East ) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg , France , and the Belgian provinces of Namur and Liège .
The United States made at least two attempts to kill Saddam with targeted air strikes , but both failed to hit their target , killing civilians instead .
Gordini competed in Formula One from 1950 to 1956 .
Sergiu Celibidache ( ; June 28 , 1912 â '' August 14 , 1996 ) was a Romanian conductor .
but a re-evaluation of the extant historical records caused her name to be removed from that list ; and her son , Emperor jin , is today considered to have been the 15th sovereign .
A Power Purchase Agreement ( PPA ) is a legal contract between an electricity generator ( provider ) and a power purchaser ( host ) .
Julia O'Hara Stiles ( born March 28 , 1981 ) is an American stage and film actress .
Adaptation is the process that makes organisms better suited to their habitat .
Concept learning is the induction of a concept ( category ) from observations
Retrieved on 2 June 2007 .
The genetic or ethnic origins of the Maltese people is undecided to historians and geneticists .
In 2003 the population of the French part of the island voted in favour of secession from Guadeloupe in order to form a separate overseas collectivity ( COM ) of France .
Their marriage ended in 1964 , and in that same year , Davis met his second wife at an Iranian diplomatic party in London .
Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited ( operating as Virgin Atlantic ) is a British airline owned by Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group ( 51 % ) and Singapore Airlines ( 49 % ) .
Zinc sulfide is insoluble in water and solutions containing Zn2 + readily precipitate ZnS in the presence of sulfide ions ( e.g. , from H2S ) .
Behind their neck are small scales which resemble spikes , known as tuberculate scales .
It was held in Glasgow between 26 April and 26 September 1988 .
The town of Guernica is united in one municipality with neighbouring Luno ( '' Lumo '' in Basque ) , Gernika-Lumo .
Education and internment Ellis was the son of Abraham Charles Ellis , a general manager of the Metropolitan Railway , and Isabelle Flockart Carswell .
Any manipulated image where the encyclopedic value is materially affected should be posted to Files for deletion .
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football .
Johan Alexander Santana Araque ( Ë joÊ hÉ ` Ë n sÃ nË tÃ nÉ ; born March 13 , 1979 ) is a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) left-handed starting pitcher who is currently playing for the New York Mets . He is a native of Venezuela .
Winona State University ( also known as '' WSU '' ) is a comprehensive , public university in Winona , Minnesota , United States with more than 8,600 enrolled undergraduate and graduate students .
The interstate 's southern end is in New Haven , Connecticut at Interstate 95 ; its northern end is at Derby Line , Vermont , a village in the town of Derby , at the Canadian border , where it continues as Autoroute 55 .
The Arrernte Aboriginal peopleArrernte Aboriginal Art and Culture Centre Alice Springs have made their home in the Central Australian desert in and around the site of the future Alice Springs for more than 50,000 years .
She wanted to become a marine biologist but changed her mind after seeing the movie Jaws .
In the television show Strangers with Candy , Jerri Blank 's P.E. class is seen to have mechanical bull riding .
Belle Haven , Fairfax County , Virginia
The Syston and Peterborough Railway , being part of the route , was built by Midland Railway and opened in 1846 .
'' Household ammonia '' or '' ammonium hydroxide '' is a solution of NH3 in water .
This release is different to the bonus disc found on the original album 's deluxe edition in that it excludes the remixes of '' SOS '' and of the bonus tracks '' Cry '' and '' Haunted '' .
Many adherents of Thelema , none more so than Crowley , recognize correlations between Thelemic and other systems of spiritual thought ; most borrow freely from the methods and practices of other traditions , including alchemy , astrology , qabalah , tantra , tarot divination , and yoga .
Course The river drops rapidly in a 75 kilometer run to swampy Lake Hula , which is slightly above sea level .
The Continental Army was forced to abandon Manhattan after the disastrous Battle of Fort Washington on November 16 , 1776 .
When the Long Island Rail Road 's new station , below the existing levels , opens ( see East Side Access ) , Grand Central will offer a total of 75 tracks and 48 platforms .